---
aliases: [2022-05-24]
created: 2022-12-14-Wednesday 17:04
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
tags: 
---


---

# Quote
> Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
> — <cite>Napoleon Hill</cite>

# Top-of-mind

## [[releasing your authentic voice]] Dialogue between Strangers Exercise
    Conversation between 3 strangers at Equinox:
    
    Samantha is a regular at the gym. She is calm & confident in her manner. She was working out with John who likes her but she has friendzoned him. Tiffany comes out of the abs & butt class that Samantha frequents, but today she was doing her own barbell routine. John was there hoping to partner up with her on some of the exercises but she had her routine figured out so he was on the bench next to her.  Tiffany really wants to be friends with Samantha. In fact I think that is why she went for class today even though its a lot more brutal of a workout than she could do.
    
    Tiffany: Oh hey Samantha! Hows it going? Missed see you in class today.
    
    Samantha: Oh hey girl! Yea I missed my freeweights routine on Monday so working on that instead. How was class?
    
    Tiffany: (excitedly) You know, the usual… pretty killer. Took me a little while to catch my breath. Nina is like such a good instructor!
    
    Samantha: Yep she knows what she is doing
    
    Tiffany: Honestly, I am like a member here just for her classes. Are you gonna do cycling Friday? We should totally hang after, get some drinks.
    
    (Meanwhile John is hovering around. Tiffany finally notices him)
    
    Oh hey! Sorry I am Tiffany
    
    (awkwardly extends her hand)
    
    John: Nice to meet you Tiffany. I’ve definitely seen you around at the gym.
    
    Samantha: Ya we ve partnered up in the circuit classes a few times.
    
    John: Ya those look hardcore…. I wish I had that kind of stamina.
    
    Tiffany: Oh its not too bad honestly… You should totally come.
    
    John: May be I will…. And partner up with you two ladies… haha
    
    Tiffany: Hahah totally … Oh my boyfriend is waiting for me outside
    
    Samantha: Good seeing you Tiffany … Ya let me circle back but Friday sounds good.
    
    Tiffany: Ok awesome!
    
    John: See ya!
    
    John looks at Samantha and she already has the barbell on her shoulders to resume her backsquats.
    
    -   --- Things I noticed about:
    
    Tiffany: leaning in, more jumpy / fidgety, smiling a lot, touched her hair a lot
    
    John: Kept looking at Samantha to get his cues, hovered around to get information rather than let the two of them be
    
    Samantha: Stood straight, calm & composed, smiled but not continuously (wasn’t trying to please), seemed comfortable when Tiffany & John were talking - in fact seemed like that was a way for her to get out easier so looked encouragingly. Didn't touch her hair

---

# Vault Updates

**Notes created in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

**Notes modified in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
