---
aliases: [2022-12-13]
created: 2022-12-20-Tuesday 12:39
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
tags: 
---


---

# Quote
> All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
> — <cite>Immanuel Kant</cite>

# Top-of-mind
- Why did the tax go up by more than 15% of the 20k gains in the Schwab 1099?
 - Income above 450k or so becomes 20% long term capital gains
 - Where is the other 3118$ coming from in taxes paid line 25c
 - What is the 2047$ in schedule D line 13?
 - Can I contribute more to my HSA? 4600 -> 7200?
 - Anything I could do for next year to get even more deduction?
 - Why is the tax on investment income only 3.8% Form 8960 line 17?
 - Do you know anything about interest tracing when paying high mortgage?

For interest there is no max amount … Does not recommend interest tracing. Charitable contributions can also be deducted. Home office cannot be deducted for W2 employees. If you have LLC on the side (even without income) you can deduct home office, can claim business related expenses, can claim a lot of expenses - be reasonable and need to be related to business. Can claim a part of it for business use. 55c per mile is standard rate for deduction (which is recommended).

Schedule C income & expenses. Will send quote & checklist.

Investment income: schedule D + schedule B is investment

Look up wash sale … its for frequent transactions - brokerage 

Look up how much tax you paid last year

What are the Taxes in the itemized deductions?

When to take standard vs itemized deduction?

Deduction for home office? Not allowed for W2 anymore

What is Qualified business income deduction from Form 8995

---

# Vault Updates

**Notes created in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

**Notes modified in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
