---
aliases: [2022-08-30]
created: 2022-08-30-Tuesday 14:01
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
tags: 
---


---

# Top-of-mind
- Current things top of mind for me:
	- Read Inspired PM book
	- Read Myth of Sissyohus to get into "Absurdism" philosophy
	- Insanity workout routine
	- Do an app day @ EDR
- Chat with Sara
	- Cares about metrics and data a lot. Wanted to see how we are collecting and tracking data for this work. Frequency of interventions, big bucket items etc.
	- At the very beginning of your presentation state what we are talking about - what is out of scope
		- If you don’t say that then other PMs will build the narrative in their minds on what you are working on
			- It is interesting that they assume that and start lecturing you on it vs ask the question - "hey have you thought about xy or z". These PMs have a very know it all, let me preach to you culture whereas in eng it is a lot more collaborative. Need to learn to deal with these alpha dumbasses.
	- When considering what metrics to use:
		- Who are the reviewing audience? What decisions are we making from this? What are the principles?
		- What is the most important top level metric?
	- Task completion -> should come from services
	- Increase density on slides - put links on infor for other workstreams. Came up when we were talking about pre-emptive vs post-factum interventions. She assumed that I am not thinking about measuring interventions even though I mentioned that to her 10 mins before that.

---

# Vault Updates

**Notes created in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

**Notes modified in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
