---
alias: ["Monday, Sep 23, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #journal/meditations 
	- Dropped Huzefa-Alifiya-Daniyal to the airport. Their short trip reminds me on how important having a family can be to general wellbeing. I really need to step back and stop being an irritable prick - just go with the flow. No matter how much I want they are not going to fit the mold I have in my head. There are massive cultural differences and there is nothing you can do about it. Stop judging and let go. There is no need to be passive aggressive, sulk, get pissed or talk unpleasantly - just let everyone be the way they are and stop caring - you can continue to be the way that you want to be. The problem is that I have created a certain image in my head on things need to be and if they do not conform to that vision I get upset or depressed. The reality is there is no vision - things just happen and almost all of it outside your control. Stop stressing and taking responsibility for something you cannot change.
	- Daniyal serves as an interesting lesson for me - his attitude is of just chilling and enjoying what he enjoys. He does not stress about winning - just has fun playing the game. I was very impressed that he never cried or bawled when he would lose in Jenga - was just enjoying himself playing it with everyone - life is not about winning or losing, just doing things together with loves ones. He seems to be someone who loves what he loves and is not in a rush to show it to the world - do only what pleases you rather than slogging your entire life for no reason
- #journal/daily 
	- Continued working on [[karpathy#[Let's reproduce GPT-2 (124M) - YouTube](https //www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8pRSuU81PU)]]
- #j595/journal 
	- Got an informal performance review and comp numbers from Martin - not that great but also not as lousy as I thought
	- Bunch of meetings around Architecture and FC4 plans - told Martin about my interest in working on Memories.
	- 

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-09-23 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-09-23 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
