---
alias: ["Friday, Jul 5, 2024"]
tags: 
---

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Woke up at 5 am to head out for the sunrise trek. Did not really see the sunrise because it was quite cloudy during the day. Saw a few dolphins swimming around though.
	- When we got back to the dock around 6.30am Sana & I decided to take the kayak out on the river for sometime to explore on our own.
	- After breakfast we went for the jungle hike from 9 through 11.30am. Cool to be out in the rainforest though it seemed like a set hike they do every time with most groups. Bumped into people from other lodges as well.
	- I took a short nap on the hammock while we waited for lunch to be served. Rested a bit more after lunch too though we would leave around 3pm for 3 excursions this evening: 
		- first was a visit to a local garden where they grew medicinal plants. We were served some tapioca pancakes loaded in butter which tasted great fresh. There were 4 young boys of the woman who lived there who were fun to play around with. One climbed all the way up a palm tree - crazy to see the skills they developed lived out on a farm.
		- Second excursion was to the local village. The municipal school in this village was in a much better shape than Bhavans which is a low bar. Walked around to an artesenal shop to buy some souvenirs. Had a funny exchange with the woman there as I was searching for “magneticos” - she though I was looking for magnetic energy in her lol
		- Did sunset again at the floating house. Today we just chilled and enjoyed a beer rather than jump in the water. Saw some dolphins flipping which was awesome
		- Last excursion was cayman (alligator) watching in the dark. This was supposed to be the night tour which was not as adventurous or long as I would have hoped. We barely stayed out that late though did see a few cayman and a chameleon.
	- Enjoyed some Sucos with dinner and passed out

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-07-05 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-07-05 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
