---
alias: ["Saturday, Aug 31, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #crawlspace 
	- Discussions with Jakub on the design of the DynamoDB table and learning a bit more about the authentication system 
	- [APIs for the backend](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/main/apis/wv7jhftmpe/resources?api=wv7jhftmpe&region=us-east-1) are listed here -> Go to Stages to get the URL for the API gateway and can use a curl command to invoke it
	- Good proof of concept would be to get the Auth0 token in the front end and then hook it up to AWS  backend via an API request (zapier webhooks) and then display the fetched data into the frontend
	- Lots of learning for me trying to understand how full stack development works which has been interesting and at times overwhelming
	- Geoffrey (Wombats hostel French sales guy in Luxemburg) mentioned using LinkedIn or Facebook ads to target customers and collect interest analytics - sounds like a pretty good idea
- #j595/journal #travel/london 
	- Fun day checking out London. Checked out Kings Crossing and St Pancras train stations (huge Japan like). Went to the Harry Potter store.
	- Walked along Regents canal to Camden Market
	- Met up with Jakub at Camden Coffee Roasters for a couple of hours
	- Got out and ate a Kati Roll in the main market area. Explored more of the market and bought yoga pants for Sana and a magnet
	- Headed back to go for Jack the Ripper walking tour but ended up taking the wrong Northern Line train and could not find a connection to TowerHill station fast enough.
	- Went to the hostel instead and chatted with Geoffroy for a bit. Then head over to try out the Uber Boat that David (Irish guy) had mentioned. 
	- Chilled at the hostel bar from 9.30pm to midnight. Played a few games of pool and met some more people (3 Brazilians, 1 weird Israeli American etc)

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-08-31 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-08-31 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
