---
alias: ["Sunday, Jul 7, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily  #travel/brazil 
	- Thunderstorm with heavy rain woke us up in the morning. Once the rain subsided we went out kayaking around 6am. Saw several dolphins all around us 10 mins into the paddle. We just hung around them enjoying it a lot. Really a great way to end this month long adventure in Brazil!
	- Reached our hotel in Manaus around 11.30am. Checked in to the room then our flight for the evening and left to see the Amazon theater. Were able to catch the last tour of the day - very informative to learn about. 
	- Walked over to the port through the Centro flea markets which were mostly all wrapped up. City seemed very dead & run down overall. We weren’t able to find any tour boats that could take us to meeting of the 2 rivers. One local guide offered to do it for 250R$ but that seemed pricey and he did not speak English either. It’s not a tour offered by itself - just an activity in a day long tour so if we wanted to see it they would need to get us a private boat - not worth it.
	- Like a moron I did not charge my phone nor bring my power bank so was scrambling to conserve power. Should really make sure I keep the power bank handy when rushing out on excursions.
	- Took an über for 30 mins to MUSA gardens where the tall tower over the forest is. Checked it out from 3.30 till it closed at 5pm. 
	- Ubered to the Manaura shopping center. Now even Sana’s phone was running low. We got some dinner at the food court which was jam packed with people. The city is not as dead & run down as we thought after all. Tried bosfinah’s which were these little bite sized pizzas.
	- Went back to Novotel to chill and catch some sleep before heading out for the airport at 1am.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-07-07 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-07-07 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
