---
alias: ["Friday, Aug 30, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #crawlspace 
	- Not as productive a day as I had hoped for / earmarked.
	- I only got through getting the Auth0 integration with Webflow working half way. I was expecting it to be a lot easier than what it turned out. 
		- Had a huge learning curve to overcome. I was trying to bypass using javascript code and making stupid mistakes in a rush to get a result. One of those to take a step back and take a break to reassess rather than fumbling and charging forward thereby wasting more time. #journal/meditations 
- #j595/journal #travel/london 
	- Went to Pret a Manger in the evening around 5 just to get out for a bit. Was feeling very stuck and spinning wheels.
	- Got ready & excited to go to the speed networking event at Trapeze bar in Shoreditch. Was a bummer because it was a sham and noone showed up for it. Need to be careful with fake events on Eventbrite.
	- Back to the hostel, ordered Tandoori chicken and chilled on the patio. 
	- Met with Geoffroy - French sales guy for Fisher investments. Pretty sharp and might be helpful to get leads for #crawlspace 
	- Also met David (Irish/ Scottish guy) who worked at Mastercard and was in London for racing GoKarts. Its cool to see people pursue these hobbies when they have the support system of a home base.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-08-30 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-08-30 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
