---
alias: ["Sunday, Sep 1, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/london 
	- Wanted to check out SkyGarden in the morning though tikets were sold out weeks in advance and walk in line would be huge. Scoped around a bunch of areas I could go on my way to Heathrow but walking around with bags would be a pain in the butt.
	- Ate the left over Karahi mutton and made my way to heathrow instead. Major backups in the underground trains so I hopped on the Elizabeth line to WhiteChapel and then Paddinton. Got out to explore the Paddington train station area for a bit - was mostly National Rail station vs Kings Crossing that had EuroStar trains. 
	- Hopped back onto the train for the airport. Went through security (fairly quick) and then head to the Centurion lounge. Had to wait to get in for a bit so walked around negotiating a points offer with Amex.
	- Cleared out a bunch of emails and downloaded movies to watch on HBO Max. Stupid app wont go to the downloads screen without a network connection - bug in their app which I should have tested.
	- Flight back to SFO - watched American Fitction and finished the Wild Company book about Banana Republic
	- Interesting chat with the Afghan Uber driver who left his entire family and moved here 3 years ago. Sends money back to them and desperately waiting for them to join him here. Makes you wonder whether your problems are really that large?
	- Ordered & ate Pho, passed out

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-09-01 00:00 %%
* Scheduled
    - [x] cancel amex card - transfer points out 
* Organize
    - [x] call amex to get a dicount on annual fee or points bonus 
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-09-01 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
