---
alias: ["Monday, Jun 23, 2025"]
tags: 
---
##### TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #j595/journal #travel/sweden 
	- Rainy day in Gothenburg. Got my room upgraded to the 26th floor from the 6th floor. It was an additional $45/night.
	- Called in to change my flight for a day earlier and turns out it would be a 1700$ fare difference and my tickets are non refundable with AirCanada. Theres one seat left on the friday flight but I need to decide quickly which is something I am not very good at. 
	- Went for the padan canal tour @ 2pm - it was about an hour but a fun way to spend the day even though it rained a lot on us. Went through the city moat to canals into the main river and back. Several really low bridges that the Paddan went through. Was fun to learn more about the city.
	- Checked out Saluhalen - it was like the grand central food court in LA which was also called Salluhall - i dont remember where in the US I have heard it before.  Struggled to pick a good lunch spot - almost went with Pho but I get that all the time in the US. Ended up going to a fancier place - Ma Cuisine - fish with an emulsified chicken broth and veggies. Similar to the grilled char I had at Heavens23 last night.
	- Went to the gym for a bit but got pinged to do some [[memories-fc]] scoping for M0 sprint 2 - so much adminstrative work
	- Drinks at Heaven23 and then ordered in a burger for dinner

##### TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-06-23 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-06-23 23:59 %%



##### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

##### NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
