---
alias: ["Tuesday, Jun 24, 2025"]
tags: 
---
##### TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #j595/journal #travel/sweden 
	- Woke up super early but did a nice & slow breakfast. Then came back to the room and worked for a bit longer. Went for a walking tour at 10am to the Adolf Gustav statue - pretty informative tour with a Hungarian guide. There was Miriam & her boyfriend who were also attending HCII 
	- Got coffee and cinnamon bun (bulle) fika at a popular cafe in Haga with Vierne - dutch woman living in Stockholm. She had done a solo biking trip for Stockholm to Gothenburg over 7ish days and stayed at hostels along the way. Amazing how many interesting people there are around the world who do such interesting things - I wish we knew or interacted with more around us 
	- Climbed up to the fort in Haga and then walked all the way back to the hotel ~40ish mins.
	- Had to call Apple travel a few times to get flights changed. I also kept going back & forth on when to fly out Friday or Saturday - so annoying that I get into decision paralysis which costs me being more present in the moment. Luckily this indian agent was able to get me a like for like exchange without change fees.
	- Attended the keynote & reception after. Met Joschua - ineresting Norwegian guy from Oslo who spent a week in Svalbard in December. Also chatted with Barbara - Italian lesbian psychologist - for a while towards the end.
	- 

##### TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-06-24 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-06-24 23:59 %%



##### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

##### NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
