---
alias: ["Thursday, Jun 26, 2025"]
tags: 
---
##### TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #j595/journal #travel/sweden 
	- Woke up a bit later since I slept so much later. Was supposed to go for the Majorna walking tour but decided to cancel because I dont know how valuable that would have been. One walking tour is enough perhaps - may be he just regurgiates the same history. Some of these tours can be tourist traps too so you gotta be careful. I did have a decent bit of FOMO ngl
	- Did some work at the conference venue itself. Set out to get luch near the city center. Went to a seafood place that had pretty delicious Moule Fritte - mussels and fries. Walked over to get coffee and pick up coffee beans. Had another swedish cinnamon bun. Picked up a magnet, stopped by Sofa world - Danish furniture & design company
	- Went to Natural History museum to checkout the bllue whale taxidermy. 
	- Meeting with Sri & Chaitanya & 6pm and then had another follow up at 9pm for [[memories-fc]]
	- Chilled at the students networking event for a while. Also chatted with Brandon - professor at Purdue who though he met me somewhere else.
	- Went for dinner at Heaver23 a final time. Got the veal this time rather than the charr - very good although the boiled potatoes were a bit dry.

##### TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-06-26 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-06-26 23:59 %%



##### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

##### NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
