---
alias: ["Thursday, Jan 9, 2025"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- Patent meeting - pitch ideas:
		- Conversational context for attention
		- Doing inverse RL by leveraging vision pro for data collect + Pupeteer
		- NotificationLM - use scene descriptors to see ongoing activity , who is visible etc for determining notification type
	- #tinker_short Try out some MLX examples - [mlx-examples/llms at main · ml-explore/mlx-examples · GitHub](https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-examples/tree/main/llms)
		- Can you run it as a web server? Can you supply it a grammar for structured output?
	- [Things we learned about LLMs in 2024](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Dec/31/llms-in-2024/?__readwiseLocation=)
		- The GPT-4 barrier was comprehensively broken
		- Some of those GPT-4 models run on my laptop
		- LLM prices crashed, thanks to competition and increased efficiency
		- Multimodal vision is common, audio and video are starting to emerge
		- Voice and live camera mode are science fiction come to life
		- Prompt driven app generation is a commodity already
		- Universal access to the best models lasted for just a few short months
		- “Agents” still haven’t really happened yet
			-  I’m beginning to see the most popular idea of “agents” as dependent on AGI itself. A model that’s robust against gulliblity is a very tall order indeed.
			- If you tell me that you are building “agents”, you’ve conveyed almost no information to me at all. Without reading your mind I have no way of telling which of the dozens of possible definitions you are talking about. 
			- The two main categories I see are people who think AI agents are obviously things that go and act on your behalf—the travel agent model—and people who think in terms of LLMs that have been given access to tools which they can run in a loop as part of solving a problem.
		- Evals really matter
		- Apple Intelligence is bad, Apple’s MLX library is excellent
		- The rise of inference-scaling “reasoning” models
		- Was the best currently available LLM trained in China for less than $6m?
		- The environmental impact got better
		- The environmental impact got much, much worse
		- The year of slop
		- Synthetic training data works great
			- Structured and Gradual Learning. In organic datasets, the relationship between tokens is often complex and indirect. Many reasoning steps may be required to connect the current token to the next, making it challenging for the model to learn effectively from next-token prediction. By contrast, each token generated by a language model is by definition predicted by the preceding tokens, making it easier for a model to follow the resulting reasoning patterns.
		- LLMs somehow got even harder to use
			- The key skill in getting the most out of LLMs is learning to work with tech that is both inherently unreliable and incredibly powerful at the same time.
		- Knowledge is incredibly unevenly distributed
		- LLMs need better criticism

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-01-09 00:00 %%
* Inbox
    - [x] send sana insurance docs 
    - [x] book lyra appointment 
    - [x] clear out apple email 
    - [x] fill score card for Baris 
    - [x] score card for Yang 
    - [x] add referral for adwait 
    - [x] donate 100$ to charity 
    - [x] Go through all voice memos and clear out 
    - [x] Apply for US bank HeLOC 
    - [x] look up btc in ledger 
    - [x] [NEVER Say This to Your Real Estate Agent When Buying a Home!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA0Roux11Bk) 
    - [x] [Buying a Home is About to Change FOREVER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4ufVrUTyjg) 
    - [x] [New Real Estate Laws 2024 for YOUR Home Buyers Agent](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKws7-K8TjQ) 
* Organize
    - [x] @downtime Review Monarch Financials 
* J595
    - [x] set up chat with Agatha - scene understanding 
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-01-09 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
