---
created: 2023-06-12-Monday 20:23
modified: 2023-06-23-Friday 12:59
publish: 
---

MEDIEVAL PHILOSOPHY, .h2, pg54

There is nothing in the intellect which was not first in the senses - Thomas Aquinas (1225-74), .qt, pg59

A distinction developed by Aquinas that has played a role in philosophy ever since is between existence and essence. The essence of thing is what the thing is, and this a separate matter from the question of whether or not it exists., , pg60

Generations of philosophers were to dispute over the question which is prior, essence or existence. As so often in the history of philosophy, one side of this dispute turned out to have natural affinities with Plato, the other with Aristotle: the notion that essence must always precede existence derived obvious support from Plato's theory of Ideal Forms, while the apparently contrary assertion that only from our knowledge of already existing objects can we ever even have derived any notion whatsoever of essences, fitted in comfortably with an Aristotlean approach., , pg60

William of Ockham (1285-1308)- forerunner of British empiricist philosophy. Ockham argues that there is such a thing as necessity in logic but not in the natural order of things: in nature even unbroken regularities are contingent, ie they need not have happened, they could have been otherwise. This means we cannot reach any knowledge of the world purely through logical argument or speculation. Instead we have to look and see how things actually are; and it is only observation and experience - which of course we must then reason about - that can provide us with a reliable basis of knowledge of the world of nature. , , pg61

BEGINNINGS OF MODERN SCIENCE, .h1, pg63

The key to the newness of modern science was its insistence on testing theories by direct confrontation with reality, checking them by observing and measuring the data they were supposed to explain. Before then, theories had been tested chiefly by discussion and argument., , pg63

FROM COPERNICUS TO NEWTON - THE UNVEILING OF THE UNIVERSE, .h2, pg64

In the 16th century a Polish churchman called Copernicus (1473-1543) pointed other that many of the most fearsome mathematical difficulties would melt away if, instead of assuming that the earth were at the center, we treated the sun as the center., , pg64

The German mathematician Johannes Kepler (1571-1630) studied theology before becoming interested in astronomy. He discovered the laws of planetary motion by studying the orbit of Mars and stated that the planets moved in elliptical orbits, and not in circles as Copernicus had thought, , pg66

Galileo (1564-1642) was a wonderful scientist - he was certainly the first person to look through a telescope at the stars. He discovered the principle of the pendulum, and this transformed both the manufacture and the accuracy of clocks. He invented the thermometer. He made the astonishing discovery that all bodies fall at the same velocity regardless of their weight. Furthermore, he discovered that this velocity accelerated at a uniform rate of 32 feet per second per second. He established that every projectile moves in a parabola. He showed that the natural thing for a moving body was to carry on moving in a straight line unless and until some other force acted on it. He discovered that if several different forces act on a moving body at the same time, the effect on its movement is the same as if they had acted separately and successively., , pg67

Academy of Experiments established in 1657 by Galileo's pupil Vicenzo Viviani (1662-1703), .typo - Viviani born in 1622, pg67

In the Principia (1687) Newton formulated a theory of gravitation and stated his three laws of motion. Newton's Opticks (1704) demonstrated that white light is made up of all colors of the visible spectrum from red to violet, , pg69

MACHIAVELLI - First person to study objectively - with a scientific attitude - politics and government as they are actually practiced, .h2, pg72

Never at any time does Machiavelli base an argument on whatever it is that people are supposed to do, still less on any Christian or biblical exhortation. What he provides is an accurately observed and superbly written account of what actually happens. So universal and valid are the best of these insights that one sees them confirmed wherever human beings jockey for place and preferment, not only in politics but in professional associations of any kind, , pg73

FRANCIS BACON - Bacon saw the vast possibilities of the newly emerging science and put forward programs for its development at every level from the theoretical to the institutional, .h2, pg74

If experiment confirms the hypothesis, we shall indeed have discovered a law of nature, and once we've done that we can confidently deduce individual instances from it in other words, make accurate predictions so in the process of discovering a scientific law, we are moving from a particular to the general, a process known as induction where is an applying the law once we've got it, we move from the general to the particular, a process known as deduction. (Readers of the Sherlock Holmes stories will note that the standard method of the great detective old is referred to him by him as deduction is infact induction usually of the unreliable kind against which Francis Bacon (1561-1626) warned us), , pg76

HOBBES - THE FIRST MODERN MATERIALIST, .h2, pg78

Thomas Hobbes (1588-1679) put forward the view that the physical matter is all there is, and that everything can be explained in terms of matter in motion., , pg78

Words are wise men's counters, but they are the money of fools – Thomas Hobbes, .qt, pg79

In addition, to being the founder of modern metaphysical materialism Thomas Hobbes was the first philosopher to put forward and out and out mechanistic view of nature, , pg79

Absolute power is given to the sovereign, not for the gratification of the sovereign, but for the good of all - Thomas Hobbes, , pg81

THE GREAT RATIONALISTS, .h1, pg83

When the Church;s authority over thought was finally loosened, many people came to believe the knowledge of the world could be gained by the use of reason alone. In philosophy, this development is known as the rationalism. It was launched by Descartes Spinoza and Leibniz., , pg83

DESCARTES - BACK TO SQUARE ONE, .h2, pg84

Rene Descartes (1596-?) placed the question "what can I know?" – and a very determined pursuit of certainty in the answer - at the center of western philosophy for 300 years., , pg84

Mathematical demonstrations began from a minimal number of premises of the outermost simplicity, a simplicity, so basic and so obvious that it was impossible to doubt them. The demonstrations then proceeded deductively by one logical step at a time, each step being irrefutable, and usually very simple, again indubitable. And you found that in moving only by logical steps, each of which was simple and obvious, from premises each of which was also simple and obvious: whole worlds of unanticipated discoveries, started opening up before you, many of them amazing, many of them of great practical usefulness, at all of them reliably true., , pg86

In philosophy rationalism takes the position that self evident propositions deduced by reason are the sole basis of all knowledge. It is usually contrasted with empiricism, which argues that all knowledge must ultimately be derived from the senses. Descartes was the first modern rationalist. His method influenced the work of many philosophers, notably, Spinoza, Leibniz, and Kant., Is rationalism closer to the Aristotelian philosophy of building up with logic?, pg87

"Cartesian dualism" – bifurcation of nature, into two kinds of entity – mind and matter, subject and object, observer, and observed., , pg88

SPINOZA - ALL IS ONE, AND THE ONE IS DIVINE, .h2, pg90
Although God is, and is in, everything, this totality is also to be understood in the same way as a system mathematical physics., , pg90

If total reality is the instantiation of a deductive system in which everything that is or happens can be deduced with all the necessity of logic from self evident promises, what room is there for moral choice, or indeed free Will at all – how can there be free will if everything is scientifically determined? Also, what place is there for God in such a system? If everything that happens in the universe can be explained in terms of scientific laws in mathematical equations, it would seem that we no longer need God function as any part of the explanation., , pg91

Spinoza (1632-?) pointed out that the totality of everything is the only thing that has nothing outside itself. Within this totality everything that we seek to understand has to be explained, at least, partially, in terms of something else – our explanations always take, at least to some extent, in the form of linking things with other things. The only entity off, which this is not, and cannot, be, so is the totality of everything., , pg92

God must be equivalent with everything. This means that whether we describe cosmos in terms of our religious conception, or in terms of planets and other material objects, we are describing the same thing. One set of categories is abstract or mental, the other material, but these are merely two different ways of describing the same reality. So God is not outside of the world, but he is not in the world, either: he is in the world. The physical universe is this body you might say, so that would be nearly one way of looking at it., , pg93

Spinoca saw the actions of the human individual as determined by factors outside his control, though not in any crude, mechanical way. With insights strikingly previsionary of Freud, Spinoza argues that our every day sense of being free agents is an illusion based on the fact that we are not for the most part aware of the real causes of our actions; and that acquiring this awareness through reflection can liberate us, not in the sense of making us free agents literally but by giving us understanding and insight, and thus enabling us to come to terms with things as they are. He argued that it was the third for individuals to be obsessed by their personal problems, those being merely petty concerns; we should try to see our problems as occupying the place they actually do in the totality of things; and when we do that we shall see them as insignificant, and this will greatly help us to bear., , pg94

We should look at our own lives, through the eyes of eternity: sub specie aeternitatis - Spinoza, .qt, pg94

Point of general importance about the great philosophers: fundamental to the work of each of them is it vision of total reality. The philosopher is trying to commend this version to us with persuasive argument. The point of it all lies not in the arguments, but in the vision., , pg95

LEIBNIZ - THE SUPREME POLYMATH, .h2, pg96

"When I have done something, I forget it almost completely in a few months, and rather than hunt for it among the chaos of sheets that I have never had time to sort out and index, I have to do the work all over again." The result of this is that where, as a philosopher like Spinoza presents his system of thought to the reader, as a carefully planned, and laid out whole, with Leibnitz, the reader is in the quite different position of having to piece it together for himself., , pg97

Leibniz (1646-1716) argued that all truths must belong to two logical types: either we have to examine the facts in order to find out whether a particular statement is true or false ("sythetic statements"), or we can do that without examining the facts, in which case is a statement must be true or false by virtue of the use it makes of its own terms ("analytical statements"), , pg97

World containing free will, and in consequence, wrongdoing, and evil is better than a world in which free will does not exist, and that is the explanation of why a perfect God has created a world in which there is so much evil., , pg98

An Leibniz made current in philosophy is called the principle of sufficient reason. For everything that is the case he said, there must be a reason why it is the case. To provide an adequate explanation of anything is to spell out the sufficient reason for it – so in a particular case we have first of all to establish, which is the direct kind truth, it is, and then search in the area of what would be an appropriate sort of sufficient reason for that kind of truth., , pg99

THE GREAT EMPIRICISTS, .h1, p101

The rationalists had downgraded sense experience as a source of knowledge, maintaining that the only reliable knowledge comes from the use of a reason. Empiricist denied this. They insisted that information about the world external to ourselves, can come to us only through our senses., , pg101

LOCKE - THE SUPREME LIBERAL, .h2, pg102

John Locke (1632-1704) launched what many to this day regard as it's most important project, namely an inquiry into what are the limits to what is intelligible to humans – theory of knowledge. If Locke thought we could analyze our own mental faculties, and find out what they are capable and what they're not capable of dealing with we should have discovered the limits of what is knowable by us, regardless of what happens to exist, externally to ourselves., , pg103

One thing Locke emphasizes is that our senses constitute the only direct interface between ourselves and the reality external to us – it is only through our senses, that anything which we can ever become aware is able to get into us from outside. We develop the capacity to do all sorts of marvelous and complicated things inside our heads with these data: but if we start performing those operations on material, which does not come from our sensory input, we have forfeited, the minds only link with external reality. In that case whatever the minds operations may or may not be doing, they are not connecting up anything that exists in the external world. - this is the nub of empiricism, , pg104

We cannot have any knowledge of what the object is, that has those characteristics and behaves in that way, the thing in itself – it is an invisible metaphysical something. According to Locke, both the subject and the object of our knowledge are in themselves, unknowable. The domain of possible knowledge consists entirely of transactions between these mysterious entities., , pg106

Locke did not believe as Descartes had that our scientific knowledge of the world is derived by deductive logic from indubitable premises. He did not believe that they possesses the same certainty, as mathematics does. We generalize from experience – a process known as induction, not deduction – but sometimes our generalizations are mistaken, and we need to allow for that. So, even the most carefully constructed knowledge built on observation is not absolutely certain – it is merely probable., , pg106

Locke did more than any other single thinker to provide the theoretical foundations of the liberal democracy. What Americans call their founding fathers had Locke consciously in mind while they were drafting the constitution of the united states., , pg108

---

"BERKELEY - THE CONSISTENT EMPIRICIST", .h2, pg110
"George Berkeley (1685-1753) pointed out that all that can ever be experienced by conscious being is the contents of their consciousness. Nothing else can be known to exist.", , pg110
"Locke is postulating the existence of a whole realm of independently existing, non-sensory, non-mental reality, which we cannot even conceptualize, which we could never have evidence for, and who's existence could make no possible difference to us. What conceivable grounds are there for doing this? Therefore said Berkeley consistent. Empiricism leads us to the conclusion that what exist are minds and their contents or subjects and their experiences. There are no grounds for believing in the existence of anything else.", , pg111
"HUME - A MODIFIED SKEPTIC", .h2, pg112
"Apart from mathematics, we know nothing for certain. But we still have to live: and to live is to act. All actions have to be based on assumptions about reality.", , pg112
"David Hume (1711-76) agreed with Berkeley, that we can never know with absolute certainty that a material world exists externally to an independently of ourselves. However, he took this to be primarily not a point about to the world, but a point about knowledge: certainty, in matters of fact is not available to us. We deal in hopeful, probabilities, not uncertainties.", , pg112
"The experiencing self, the subject of knowledge is a fiction says Hume. If you ask who or what 'I' am the only answer that can be sustained by experience or observation is that 'I' am a bundle of sensations.", , pg113
"If there were no such thing as causal connection our experience would lack intelligibility, in which case human life (as distinct from the life of the lower animals) would be impossible", , pg113
"Day is not the cause of night. Day and night are both caused by something else, namely the rotation of the Earth on its axis as it goes around the sun. So a connection between two things can be invariant without either of them being part of the other.", , pg114
"Reason is the slave of the passions - David Hume", .qt, pg116
"BURKE - THE SUPREME CONSERVATIVE", .h2, pg118
"Edmund Burke (1729-97) believed that because in developed society tradition embodies the accumulated wisdom and experience of many generations, it is likely to be more reliable guide to action than anyone person's opinion.", , pg118
"Neither in theory nor in practice could any one political thinker or any small group of political leaders wipe out a developed society and replace it with one that was adequate. The only acceptable mode of political change, Burke thought, and the only one consonant with reality is organic, not revolutionary.", , pg118
"The public are likely to prosper more under the administration of practical minded men who are used to carrying responsibility for others in their day to day affairs, than they are under the rule of theoreticians, even though the theoreticians may be clever as individuals. It is not intellectual brilliance that is called for in governance, but a sound understanding of people and the ways of the world, steadiness of character, and common sense - plus perhaps a dash of flair.", , pg118
"REVOLUTIONARY FRENCH THINKERS", .h1, pg121
"VOLTAIRE - THE SUPREME POPULARIZER", .h2, pg122

"Voltaire (1694-1778) was never to the body of ideas anything o great significance that was original, but the ideas took him over, and throughout the remainder of an uncommonly long writing career they provided him with the staple intellectual content of his work. He propagated them to every medium available to him. - plays, novels etc - and with with and brilliance that they became known to every serious reader in western Europe.", , pg122

"this insistence on viewing everything in the light of reason, became known as 'enlightenment', and this period in which it took hold in western Europe, has been known ever since as 'the enlightenment'.", , pg123

"Voltaire though himself not a revolutionary came to be seen by almost everyone as the godfather of revolutionary freethinking in 18th century France", , pg123

"DIDEROT - THE ENCYCLOPEDIST", .h2, pg124
"All around genius – philosopher, satirist, novelist, playwright, art critic – Denis Diderot (1713-84) was the leading editor of the French encyclopedia, whose impact was international.", , pg124

"ROUSSEAU - CRITIC OF CIVILIZATION", .h2, pg126
"Man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains - Jean Jacques Rousseau", .qt, pg126
"Rousseau (1712-78) introduced three revolutionary ideas into the main stream western philosophical thought. First is that civilization is not a good thing; not even a value neutral thing, but positively a bad thing. Second is that we should ask of everything in our lives, whether our private or public lives that it meet the requirements not of reason, but of feeling and natural instinct - in other words, feeling, should replace reason and out guide to life and out judge. The third is that the human society is a collective being with a will of its own that is different from the sum of the wills of its individual members, and that the citizen should be entirely subordinate to this 'general will'.", , pg127
"Rousseau was entirely against religion being seen as a matter of intellectually formulated beliefs, and thus of creeds, dogmas, and cathecisms. It should be recognized he thought that God is beyond all the formulation of reason. Religion is above all a matter of the heart not the head.", , pg128
"The main spring of the Rousseau idea of democracy is the forcible imposition of the general will, whereas the main spring of the Locke model is the protection and preservation of individual freedom. The two are very different. In fact, they are potentially opposite.", , pg129

"A GOLDEN CENTURY OF GERMAN PHILOSOPHY", ".h1", pg131
"Between the 1780s and 1880s a flowering of philosophy occurred in the German speaking well. It began with Kant. His work was enriched and extended by Schopenhauer. Fichte and Schelling, also took off from Kant as their point of departure. Hegel produced the philosophy of absolute idealism. Marx took over the framework and vocabulary. of Hegel's philosophy, but substituted materialist for idealist values. Nietzche mounted an onslaught on the whole of existing morality", , pg131
"KANT - RATIONALISM AND EMIPIRICISM COME TOGETHER", .h2, pg132
"The nature of particular piece of apparatus set limits to what it can do. A photograph is a representation of the scene in a particular form – not the scene itself. Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) says that these considerations also apply to human experience.", , pg134
"There are two different sorts of limitation on what we can know, and not just one. The first is what exists. The sum of everything there is - whether or not, it includes a God or immortal souls, or anything else - makes up total reality. But we human beings can know only such of it as our bodily apparatus is able to deal with it. So, on the one hand, there is what exists, independency of us and our capacity for experience, and on the other hand there is what we have the means of experiencing - and there could never be a good reason for believing that these are the same.", , pg134
"When we were talking about the differing purposes, that different sorts of apparatus can serve, we made the point that each piece of apparatus delivers its end product in terms that are dictated by its own structure: a camera gives us a photograph, a tape recorder a sound recording, and so on. But the photograph is not itself the scene photographed – it is a representation of that being in a particular form. The photograph is just a piece of paper that you can hold in your hand, a piece of paper with markings on it. It is a fundamental mistake the sword of mistake, we associate with children and primitive man, to confuse the representation of the thing with the thing itself.", , pg134
"What things are independently of our modes of perception and thought is something of which we cannot form any conception. On the one side, we have the world of things as they appear to us – what Kant cause the world a phenomena. This is the world of possible knowledge for us. But all of the forms is knowledge takes are subject dependent. On the other side, there is the world of things as they are in themselves, what Kant calls the nuomenal world. Its mode of existence has nothing to do with the particular ways in which we register things. But to this realm, for that very reason we have no means of access. Everything about this new nuomenal world is what Kant calls 'transcendental', which team does it exists but cannot be registered in experience.", , pg135
"We cannot conceive of an actual object as existing other than in space - or as moving, if not in time. Space and time are forms of our sensibility, without which we would not be able to perceive or apprehend anything in the world", , pg135
"Kant believes that the key to knowledge and understanding of the world of experience, the world of material objects in space and time, had now been placed into our hands by science. What there was a serious problem here concerning human beings. Our bodies are material objects, existing in space, and moving in space and time. If their movements are entirely subject to scientific laws, we can have no such thing as free will. Yet can't believe that we do have free will - and what is more that this is demonstrable. His solution to this problem was to say that our free acts of will take place not in the phenomenal world, which is to say that part of reality to which scientific laws apply, but in the other part, the part to which scientific understanding cannot reach, the nuomenal world.", , pg136
"Just as the empirical world is governed by scientific laws that have universal application, so the moral world is governed by moral laws that have universal application. And it means that morality is founded on reason, as science is founded on reason.", , pg137
"Kant's doctrine that we can never know for certain that anything exists of which our bodily apparatus can give us no apprehension rules out knowledge of the existence of God, and of immortal souls. It is important to realise that it does not rule out the existence of God, only knowledge of the existence of God. He demolished so-called 'proofs' of the existence of God, and in doing so reduced to rubble much of the philosophy of centuries. Since Kant it has been accepted almost universally by serious thinkers that the existence of God is not something that can be proved - or for that matter disproved.", , pg137

SCHOPENHAUR - WESTERN PHILOSOPHY LINKS UP WITH EASTERN PHILOSOPHY", .h2, pg138
"Within its two volumes he argues that the empirical world exists, for the experiencing subject, only as representation. The search for the 'thing-in-itself' behind the representation is futile is we turn our thoughts to the natural world. But we too, are the 'thing-in-itself', and it it is this dual nature that gives us the key to the nature of all reality.", , pg138
"The logical starting point of Arthur Schopenhaur's (1788-1860) philosophy is his critique of Kant", , pg139
"The truth of the matter, Schopenhauer said, is that an act of will and the bodily movements associated with it are one and the same event apprehended in two different ways, in one case experienced from inside, in the other observed from outside. The phenomenal is not a different reality from the nuomenal but the same reality known in a different way.", , pg140
"As physical objects in space and time, out human bodies are manifestations of the undifferentiated One that is the nuomenal. This fact is taken by Schopenhauer to be the basis of morality - an outstanding example of metaphysics being made the foundation of ethics.", , pg141
"Schopenhauer regarded the idea of a personal God as conceptually muddled, because nearly every single one of our conceptions about the nature of personality are derived from human beings, and perhaps the higher animals, so that the notion of a personal God is little more than anthropomorphism.", , pg143
"Schopenhauer believed that the empirical world was without meaning or purpose, and was ultimately, in itself, nothing at all. Because it was all subject-dependent, and yet we had this built in tendency to think of it as existing independently of ourselves, there was a sense in which it was all illusion. He believed that we should not be taken by it, that we should hold it of no concern, and not let ourselves become involved in its ways - that we should repudiate it", , pg143
"Violence and injustice are rife on every side. Each individual life is a meaningless tragedy ending in inevitable death. Throughout the whole of the time we are alive in this world we are the slaves of our desires, no sooner satisfying one than another takes its place, so that we are perpetually in an unsatisfied state, and our very existence itself is a source of suffering to us. Schopenhauer has come to be thought of as the supreme pessimist amond philosophers in the same way as Spinoca is thought of as the supreme pantheist, or Locke as the supreme liberal", , pg144

"SOME COMPARISONS OF EAST AND WEST", .h2, pg146
"Derived from the teachings of K'ung Fu-tzu (551-479 BC), Confucianism is the main philosophical and ethical influence on Chinese society. The most important rule is 'what you do not want done to you, do not do to others'", , pg146
"The Buddha summed up his doctrines in what he called the Four Noble Truths - One that life is inherently unsatisfactory and a burden, an experience of inevitable suffering; Two that at the bottom this suffering is caused by our endlessly grabbing at things, grasping, wanting, craving; Three that a cessation can be found of this suffering through ceasing to crave or want; Four that this cessation of wanting can be achieved by what the Buddha spelled out as the Noble Eightfold Path.", , pg148
"The Buddha no more believed in the existence of a permanent cosmic self than he did in the existence of a permanent human self: in other words he did not believe in the existence of a creator God. He seems to have found the widespread prevalence of evil and suffering an insuperable obstacle to any such belief", , pg148
"Schopenhauer like the Buddhists believed that life is full of suffering, that the suffering is due to out unsatisfiable willing, and that the way to escape from this suffering is to repudiate desire as such,, to abjure willing", , pg149
"Both Hindus and Buddhists believe that we live a series of lives, and not only one life. In most Western eyes this is a difference of a markedly religious character, because belief in a succession of lives is a belief about the way reality is, yet it is almost entirely unsupported by empirical evidence. So to most Westerners it gives the appearance of unsupported faith; and this is what makes Buddhism seem to them unquestionable a religion in spite of its lack of assertion of a belief in God or of a soul.", , pg149
"Eastern philosophy might appear to have been metaphysically more profound and philosophically more advanced than Western philosophy until the Kantian revolution, but to have lost its advantage at that point, when Western philosophy caught up with its metaphysics, and had itself then the immense advantage of having got there independently of religion, and with a tradition of tighter logical rigor behind it, and also a symbiotic relationship with both mathematical physics and (newly with Schopenhauer) the arts.", , pg151
"The sacred writings of Hinduism called the Vedas (knowledge), were written between 1500-700 BC; the Upanishads written between 800-300 BC, sum up the content of these teachings. Within the Upanishads there is a discussion of the nature of atman (the personal soul) and Brahman (the Universal soul). The search of self identity is never ending and all reality is Brahman while everything that is individual is atman - in fact atman is Brahman", , pg151

"FICHTE - THE OUT-AND-OUT IDEALIST", .h2, pg154
"Far from human knowledge being derived from empirical reality, Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762-1814) taught the opposite, namely that the empirical world is the creation of the knowing mind.", , pg154
"Fichte had learned from Kant, who in turn had got it from Hume, that our scientific knowledge of the world cannot be accounted for by a combination of observation and logic: from no number of observations can a scientific law be logically derived. What struck Fichte though, was that there is a deductive logical relationship running in the opposite direction: although scientific laws cannot be deduced from empirical observations, empirical observations can be deduced from scientific laws.", , pg154
"Fichte evolved the doctrine that the universe is the creation of the subject; that we carry within ourselves an ordered conception of the universe, and that the universe is derived from this in accordance with logical necessity.", , pg155
"Fichte was the first philosopher to account for scientific knowledge as a free creation on the part of human beings, and this view of the nature of science was to acquire widespread support in the late 20th century.", , pg155

"SCHELLING - PHILOSOPHER OF NATURE", .h2, pg156
"Man is a part of Nature. Therefore human creativit is part of Nature's productivity. In man, Nature has arrived at self-awareness.", , pg156
"Fichte had posited a universe of lifeless matter as the separate creation of a living self; but Friedrich Schelling (1775-1854) said that on the contrary, all life was a creation of Nature, which had at one time been a world of lifeless matter. Schelling out forward a picture in which Nature was total reality, perpetually evolving. There are several points to stress about this picture. First, Nature is a unity. Second, Nature is not a state of affairs but a process, always on-going. Third, human beings have emerged within this process as an integral part of it. Life is not separate from matter, expressive of some principle that is in opposition to it: the two are continuous with one another, different aspects of a single process. Man does not exist outside the world, somehow standing against Nature, which is how the Enlightenment had tended to see him: he is simply a part of Nature. Man is matter spiritualized.", 'Nature here sounds awfully similar to the Kant-Schopenhauerian view of 'Nuomenon' aka underlying reality, pg156
"In the best of his art man is exploring and getting to understand the innermost depths of his own being. But since man is an integral part of Nature this means that in creative art Nature is attaining profound self-awareness. Schelling believes that this is what the whole process has been working up towards: that the whole vast on-going phenomenon of Nature has been a development towards self-awareness; and therefore that the very raison d'etre of reality is achieved in creative art.", , pg157

"HEGEL -EVANGELIST OF THE ABSOLUTE", .h2, pg158
"Like Schelling, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770-1831) saw reality as an organic unity, and one that was not in a stable condition but in an on-going process of development. He saw the ultimate goal of this development as being the achievement of self-recognition and self-understanding. He saw it all as happening to something that was more moral than material. In this respect he was more like Fichte.", , pg158
"What Geist means is midway between spirit and mind. For Hegel Geist is the very stuff of existence, the ultimate essence of being; and the entire historical process that constitutes reality is the development of Geist towards self-awareness and self-knowledge. Because he viewed the essential stuff of what exists as something non-material his philosophy became known as 'Absolute Idealism'", , pg159
"He saw everything as having developed. Everything that exists is the outcome of a process; and therefore he thought understanding in any broad area of reality always involves understanding a process of change. He went on to claim that change is always intelligible, never merely arbitrary.", , pg159
"Even in matters of individual creativity a person is enveloped in the spirit of his time (what Hegel called the Zeitgeist, Zeit being the German word for time).", , pg159
"A conflict-free situation will be reached when the Geist comes to know itself as the ultimate reality, and realizes that everything that it had hitherto regarded as alien to itself is in fact a part of itself, not in conflict with it. But until this situation is reached, Geist will continue to be alienated from itself. The individual will still be enmeshed in conflict, will not know himself, and will not be free.", , pg161
"If one considers Hegel's thought at the political and social level and asks - 'At what point in the development of society is a conflict-free situation achieved?'. The split between Right (Nazis, Hitler) and Left (Marx) Hegelians explains a fact which has puzzled many people, namely that the same philosopher, Hegel, was the intellectual grandfather of both Nazism and Communism." , , pg162
"Reality is a historical process, which therefore an be understood only in terms of how it came to be what it is, and also how at this very moment it is becoming something else - in other words, can be understood only in the categories of historical explanation. History of the world has a rational structure and that the key to understanding the structure is the laws of change, in other ways the dialectic.", , pg162
"Alienation - Man in the process of building his own civilization creates all sorts of institutions and rules and ideas that then become constraints on him, external to himself, despite the fact that they are his own invention. He may even not understand them.", , pg163
"Founder of modern existentialism Soren Kierkegaard's (1813-55) main philosophical idea (compared to Hegel's) was that everything that actually exists is something uniquely individual, and therefore that it is impossible to capture the truth about reality in general statements - and therefore that it is a mistake to have abstract systems of philosophy at all."
"Hegel is altogether the most interesting progenitor of intellectually serious anti-liberal political thinking in the modern world, with his insistence that the individualist conceptions of freedom are limited and shallow, because only when the individual is absorbed into an organic society does it become possible for him to achieve self-realization: for as long as he remains a self-centered individual unit it is not possible for him to do so.", , pg163

"MARX - HISTORY TRIES TO BECOME A SCIENCE", .h2, pg164
"Karl Marx (1818-83) believed that he had put the explanation of historical development on a scientific footing, thus enabling mankind to predict the future development of society with scientific accuracy.", , pg164
"Child of Hegel - one reason why Marxism was to prove such a rich system of thought was that it fused together three intellectual traditions that were each already highly developed - German philosophy, French political theory, and British economics.", , pg165
"The philosophical element in Marxism was nearly all taken from Hegel, and has continued from that day this to be expressed by Marxists in Hegel's terminology.
1 - reality is not a state of affairs but an ongoing historical process,
2 - because of this the key to understanding reality is to understand the nature of historical change,
3 - historical change is not random but obeys a discoverable law,
4 - the discoverable law of change is the dialectic with its repeated triadic movement of thesis, antithesis and synthesis,
5 - what keeps this law perpetually in operation is alienation which ensures that each successive state of affairs is eventually brought to an end by its own internal contradictions,,
6 - the process is not under the control of human beings but is driven forward by its own internal laws, and human beings are swept along by it,
7 - the process as thus described will continue until a situation is reached in which all internal contradictions have been resolved: there will be no alienation, and therefore no longer any force at work promoting change,
8 - when this conflict free situation is reached human beings will no longer be swept along by forces outside their control, but will be able for the first time to take their destiny into their own hands and will become themselves the arbiters of change,
9 - this will make freedom and self-fulfilment possible for human beings,
10 - the form of society within which this freedom will be exercised and self-fulfilment achieved will not be the atomized society of independently functioning individuals that is envisaged by liberals but an organic society in which individuals are absorbed into a whole that is much bigger and therefore more fulfilling than their own separate lives", , pg165
"Like so many good ideas, it seems obvious once somebody has actually had the idea, and then it becomes difficult to understand how people previously failed to think of it", , pg167
"The notion that Marxism was scientific was to account for an important part of its appeal until quite late in the 20th century. Marxists tended to regard their beliefs not just as personal opinions but as scientific knowledge and therefore 'known' with absolute certainty.", , pg169
"What led in the end to the withering away of most of the Marxists schools of thought was the fact that wherever Marxist political movements came to power the result was, invariably and without exception a bureaucratic dictatorship, a society not in the least like the one the theory had claimed was inevitable.", , pg170

"NIETZSCHE - GOD IS DEAD", .h2, pg172
"Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) agreed with Schopenhauer that there is no God, and that we do not have immortal souls. He also agreed that this life. of ours is a largely meaningless business of suffering and striving driven along by an irrational force that we can call will. But he rejected Schopenhauer's view that this world is only a part, and what is more an unimportant part part of total reality: he believed it to be the whole. Above all, Nietzsche rejected Schopenhauer's conclusion that we should turn away in disgust from such a world, reject it, and withdraw from it. On the contrary he believed that we should live our lives to the full in it, and get everything we can out of it. The central question posed byNietzsche's philosophy is how best to do this in a godless, meaningless world.", , pg172
"Natural leaders - the confident, the courageous, the innovators - were shackled by value systems that set them on equal terms with the mediocre mass of mankind. The typical characteristics of slaves were hailed as virtues: a life of service to others, self-denial, self-sacrifice. Even gifted individuals were what Nietzsche calls 'un-selfed' by this. And it was all done in the name of morality!", , pg173
"Acceptance of these values will bring a double benefit. First the creative potential of the human race will be given a free rein, so that in every area of life the highest achievable goals will be attained and civilization will develop at the fastest possible rate - something which is self-evidently in the interests of mankind as a whole. Second the most gifted individuals will be able to live fulfilled lives and thus experience personal happiness instead of frustration - happiness being understood by Nietzsche very much to mean self-fulfilment, not merely the enjoyment of transitory pleasures.", , pg175
"Nietzsche's first commandment - 'Dare to become what you are.'", .qt, pg175
"Nietzsche's prescription for a life which is fulfilling on its own terms and therefore worth living for its own sake. Such a life does not seek to derive any of its meaning or significance from outside itself, and is not to be understood in terms of anything else. In this respect it is like a work of art, you might say.", , pg175
"Challenge of Conflict - If one lives one's life to the full, it brings one into conflict with others, yet Nietzsche believed that the thrill of conflict stretches leaders and helps them to develop their abilities.", , pg175
"The bite of conscience is indecent - Friedrich Nietzsche", .qt, pg175
"Many elements of Nietzsche's philosophy were misappropriated by the Fascists and Nazis before World War II. There were many aspects of Fascism that Nietzsche despised including nationalism and state authority, but his name is inextricably linked with Fascism in people's minds.", , pg178

"DEMOCRACY AND PHILOSOPHY", .h1, pg181
"THE UTILITARIANS - THE EMPIRICISTS CONCENTRATE ON MORALS AND POLITICS", .h2, pg182
"Jeremy Bentham, the English philosopher and social reformer was the founder of 'Utilitarianism'. He believed that the interests of the individual are at one with society.", , pg182
"'That action is best which procures the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers' - Bentham evolved this into a moral philosophy, which held that the rightsness or wrongness of an action was to be judged entirely in terms of its consequences (so that motives, for instance, were irrelevant); that good consequences were those that gave pleasure to someone, while bad consequences were those that gave pain to someone; and therefore that in any situation the right course of action to pursue was the one that would maximize the excess of pleasure over pain, or else minimize the excess of pain over pleasure. This philosophy became known as Utilitarianism because it meant judging each action by its utility, that is to say its usefulness in bringing about consequences of a certain kind.", Spock / Vulcans in Star Trek seem to be based on this philosophy, pg183
"Your liberty to swing your arm ends where my nose begins - John Stuart Mill", .qt, pg185

"THE AMERICAN PRAGMATISTS - KNOWLEDGE AS A FORM OF PRACTICAL INVOLVEMENT", .h2, pg186
"Three outstanding American philosophers have since acquired classic status and became known as 'The American Pragmatists'. Of these the most original was Charles Sanders Peirce (1839-1914); the most enjoyable to read was William James; and the most widely influential was John Dewey.", , pg186
"Without necessarily realizing they were doing it, scientists had accepted what one might call a spectator view of knowledge, as if man were somehow observing the world from outside it, and reading off knowledge from his observations. We do not do this, said Peirce: we acquire our knowledge as participants, not as spectators. We are part of the world, living among it all; and it is chiefly in pursuit of survival in it that we strive for knowledge and understanding of it. So we are interested parties. Knowledge is an instrument, perhaps the most important instrument for survival that we have: we use our knowledge.", , pg187
"General characteristic of 20th century thought that was prefigured by Peirce concerns man's existential relationship to his knowledge, the fact that he is not outside the world looking at it but is a part of it, a participant in it whose knowledge and understanding of it have above all else to meet urgent needs that he has.", , pg188

"20TH-CENTURY PHILOSOPHY", .h1, pg193
"20th century was the first since the Middle Ages in which all the leading philosophers were academics. Partly as a result of this, there was an exponential growth of concern with analysis.", , pg193

"FREGE AND MODERN LOGIC - LOGIC MOVES TO CENTER STAGE", .h2, pg194
"German mathematician and philosopher Gottlob Frege (1848-1925) was the founder of modern mathematical logic and laid the foundations of analytical philosophy.", , pg194
"Since Descartes, Western philosophy had been dominated by the question 'what can I know?'. Theory of knowledge, epistemology, had been at the center; and this was taken to mean that what went on in people's minds was the main subject of investigation. But Frege's insight had the consequence of de-psychologizing philosophy. If what is the case, and what follows from what, are both independent of the human mind, then our attempts to understand the world cannot legitimately center on epistemology.", , pg194
"Every mathematical demonstration starts from unproved premises, and uses rules of procedure whose validity it does not establish. So what a valid mathematical 'proof' actually proves is that, given those rules of procedure, these conclusions follow from those premises. It does not prove that the conclusions are true, because it cannot prove that the premises are true. Since this applies to all mathematical arguments and demonstration without exception, the whole of mathematics has to be seen as somehow free-floating in mid air, without any visible means of support.", , pg195
"The greatest contribution that Frege made to logic was his invention of quantification theory. This was a method of symbolizing and displaying those inferences that depend for their validity on expressions such as 'all' or 'some'.", , pg195

"RUSSELL AND ANALYTIC PHILOSOPHY - PHILOSOPHY TURNS ITS SPOTLIGHT ON LANGUAGE", .h2, pg196
"Bertrand Russell (1872-1970) used the new logic to analyze statements in ordinary language, This inaugurated a whole new way of doing philosophy.", , pg197
"Alfred North Whitehead and Russell together produced the three massive volumes of Principia Mathematica, published 1910-13, regarded by many as the greatest single contribution to logic since Aristotle.", , pg197
"Vienna Circle - consisted more of scientist and mathematicians than of philosophers. Their philosophy was known as 'Logical Positivism' - the true meaning of a statement was uncovered when we asked ourselves: 'What would we have to do to establish the truth or falsehood of this statement?' A statement that purports to be about reality but whose truth or falsehood makes no observable difference to anything has no content, no meaning. In this belief they had something fundamentally in common with the American Pragmatists, but their formulation of it was tighter: only statements that are empirically verifiable are empirically meaningful; and the actual meaning of any given statement is revealed by the mode of its verification.", , pg198

"WITTGENSTEIN ND LINGUISTIC PHILOSOPHY - A PHILOSOPHY THAT DOES NOT GO BEYOND LANGUAGE AND LOGIC", .h2, pg202
"Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951) used the work of Frege and Russell to formulate a more logical explanation of Schopenhauer's view of the phenomenal world. Schopenhauer was, as he put it, fundamentally right. This enabled him to explain how the world can be described in language, and the relationship between language and reality. It was then possible for him to chart the limits to language and conceptual thought.", , pg203
"A small piece of canvas is a totally different sort of object from an expanse of countryside, yet a painter is able to make the former represent the latter with immediate recognizability by placing certain patches of color on it in the same relationship to one another as corresponding elements that are related to one another in the landscape. To this set of internal relationships common to both Wittgenstein gave the name 'logical form', and he said that it was because the logical form was the same in both cases that the one was able to represent the other", This is similar to the concept of encoders / embeddings in machine learning, pg205
"The ingenuity and subtlety of Wittgenstein's analyzes of linguistic meanings ...", .typo, pg207

"EXISTENTIALISM - FROM KIERKEGAARD TO HEIDEGGER", .h2, pg208
"Kierkegaard believed that no system of thought could explain the unique experience of the individual. The fact is it is only individual things that exist. Abstraction, generalizations, do not exist in the same sense: they are helps that we invent for ourselves in order to be able to think and make connections. But if we want to understand what does exist we have to find some way of coming to terms with uniquely individual entities, because that is all there is.", , pg208
"Edmund Husserl is regarded as the founder of Phenomenology, a philosophy that concentrates on what is consciously experienced. Husserl makes an ingenious suggestion - Do not let us get bogged down in insoluble problems about the independent existence of the objects of awareness. It is indubitably certain that they exist as 'objects of consciousness' for us, whatever other existential status they may have or lack. So let us investigate them as objects of awareness in the absolute certainty that they exist as such, without making any other assumptions about them. As objects of awareness they are directly open to our investigation as anything could possible be. So let us simply put on the side (in brackets so to speak) the unanswerable questions, and make progress with what we are so well equipped to investigate.", , pg211
"Husserl formed a whole new approach to philosophy devoted to the examination of consciousness and its objects. It was a systematic analysis of experience, and became known as phenomenology, because it treated everything as phenomena.", , pg211
"Heidegger's analysis of the human condition - Our existence from the beginning is a shared and social one, and our problem is that of becoming individuals, finding an authentic mode of personal existence. We are all the time pressing into an unknowable future and having to make choices without any certainty about their outcomes. Guilt and anxiety fall to our lot, especially anxiety in the face of death. We long for our lives to have some metaphysical ground or foundation, and also to have some meaning; yet we have no assurance that any of these things actually exists objectively; and if they do not exist, our lives may just be ultimately meaningless, absurd - or else any meaning that they have is meaning that we give them.", , pg213

---

"BERGSON AND RECENT FRENCH PHILOSOPHY", .h2, pg214
"It seemed to Henri Bergson (1859-1941) that from the beginning the function of the senses in living organism has been not to provide the organism with 'representations' of its surroundings but to stimulate reactions of a life-preserving character. What they provide us with are not objective pictures of our surroundings but messages that cause us to behave in certain ways.", , pg214
"Bergson gives the name 'elan vital' which translates to 'life force'. He elieves that because everything is changing all the time, the flow of time is fundamental to all reality. We actually experience this flow within ourselves in the most direct and immediate way, not through concepts or our senses but through 'intuition'.", , pg215
"Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-80) was one of the leading proponents of existentialism. He believed that people's awareness of their own freedom induces in them anxiety, and that they take refuge from this anxiety in 'bad faith' - by pretending that they are bound by already existing norms & rules.", , pg216
"Sartre's friend Albert Camus (1913-60) was the writer who coined the description 'absurd' for the situation in which human beings demand that their lives should have significance in an indifferent universe which is itself totally without meaning or purpose. It is a demand, Camus insisted, that can never be met.", , pg217
"The world is not what I think, but what I live through - Maurice Merleau-Ponty", .qt, pg218
"Maurice Merleau-Ponty (1908-61) insisted that it is fundamental to our identity as human beings that we are physical objects, each one of which has a different and unique location in space or time. Not only must everything that can ever be experienced by anyone be experienced through the unique physical apparatus of one such object: the whole of the rest of reality can be apprehended only from the perspective of its unique point of view. We are perpetually aware of our bodies, and without them we cannot perceive or act.", , pg218
"Merleau-Ponty wrote with great penetration and insight about the deep philosophical problems involved in subjectivity, including its inescapably perspectival and therefore inherently incomplete character.", , pg218
"'Structuralism' aka the 'the linguistic turn in philosophy' - put at its simplest, structuralism is the view that any discourse of any kind, philosophical or otherwise, is a structure in language and that is all. The text does not present us with anything other than itself: there is nothing 'beyond' the language. This led devotees of structuralism to interpret texts primarily in terms of rules governing the various uses of language.", , pg219
"POPPER - FROM SCIENCE TO POLITICS", .h2, pg220
"What he is best know for are his contributions to...", .type - should be 'known', pg220
"For Karl Popper (1902-94) physical reality exists independently of the human mind, and so we can never apprehend it. We create theories to explain it, and use them for as long as they work. However, eventually each theory will prove inadequate and we replace it with a better one.", , pg222
"We make progress not by adding new certainties to a body of existing ones but by perpetually replacing existing theories with better theories. The search for certainty, which obsessed some of the greatest Western philosophers from Descartes to Russell, has to be given up, because certainty is not available.", , pg223
"A statement that no observation would falsify cannot be tested, and therefore cannot count as scientific, because if everything that could possibly happen is compatible with its truth then nothing can be regarded as evidence for it. A good example would be the statement 'God exists': it has meaning and might be true, but no intellectually serious person would regard it as a scientific statement.", , pg223
"Society too is in a state of perpetual change, and the pace of that change is increasingly fast. These things being so, the creation and perpetuation of an ideal state of society is not an option for us. What we have to do is manage a process of endless change that has no stopping place. So what we are engaged in is perpetual problem solving.", , pg224
"THE FUTURE OF PHILOSOPHY - INCREASING ENLIGHTENMENT ON A QUEST TO WHICH THERE MAY BE NO END", .h2, pg226
"We can make such worthwhile progress in our understanding of the human situation that even if we never reach any ultimate goal in that respect we shall find that the journey is hugely enriching experience that is worth undertaking for its own sake. There may be no final answers, but there is a wonderful lot to learn.", , pg227
