---
created: 2020-10-26-Monday 21:58
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
---

# Morning Pages
- Highlight:
	- SW All hands prep,
	- Manager expectations,
	- Perf,
	- get GQA test_predict.json working
- Grateful for: COmforts of life
- Let go: Unnecessary worry

# Daily Notes
- There is a lot of confusion about the GQA data versions. The test evaluations are running against questions from the full submit.json so end up failing on EvalAI.
- 2020 challenge does not seem to have started. At least it does not give me option to submit
- Will just try and use the valid_all and run evaluations on that
- Perf sucked and was very underwhelming .. Got a default 3 rating even though Joerg claims its a strong 3. Whole process is absolute BS. I am just going to coast, talk & coordinate moving forward. Will leave the hands on interesting work as my personal project, classes etc.
- Got evaluations working !!! Used the valid_all.json question ... Had to convert them from raw dataset, then run through model predictions and then finally evaluate. Got that pipeline working.
- Additionally I also 2 trained models:
	- append fp,
	- 2 stage pretraining with nsp & mlm + finetuning with fp
- Kicked off a job on my machine to do joint nsp, mlm & finetuning with fp
- Might explore more model combinations, but lets see
- Oh crap: we have trained the models on validation :S ... Well try and run the model to get results on submit.json tomorrow and see how long it takes (well but might run into memory issues though since GCP doesn't have enough memory... might need to wait for my local machine to free up)

# Reflections

# Accomplished

...

**mood:**
