---
aliases: [2021-11-16]
created: 2022-10-25-Tuesday 05:26
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
tags: 
---


---

# Quote
> A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
> — <cite>Ralph Waldo Emerson</cite>

# Top-of-mind
- [TOCC presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hHmiTTDsxS0yHtHp4yHX9qoDpZH-3JktwLQchec2Jgs/edit?resourcekey=0-1HaW4LYegFMmtiYFTj7wBA#slide=id.gd5278b9f66_1_543) for calibration impact on base planners
		  Good morning folks! Our update for Perception today is to highlight another experiment that demonstrates the performance impact that can be achieved through robust full body calibration. For this experiment we generate the fused camera and lidar point clouds that are produced within the HiFi maps and that go on to get classified into drivable or non drivable surfaces for robot navigation. The green points that you see have been classified as drivable points using some simple heuristics while the red ones are non drivable. The blue points in these images are the unknown regions where no measurements have been taken thus far. The heuristics we use for generating these navigation grids are measuring how vertical the normal vector of each of these points is with respect to the robot. It is kept simple by design since they need to be hand tuned.
		  As we can see in the image on the left from an uncalibrated robot there are red points sprayed all over. This is because of the large noise caused due to calibration errors. Now when we use the exact same robot with the exact same heuristics in a similar environment, the drivability predictions are much cleaner and accurate. You may still see some red trails in the right image, however those are systemic noise from the sensor itself and can easily be pruned out with further filtering.
		  This experiment was done to guide the decisions on when to rollout navigation grids over to the new HiFi mapping technologies and full fleet calibration is certainly a major dependency for that. Other dependencies are MPS rollout and re-enabling CBr for HiFi maps. You can follow along on the progress for that in the linked rollout hotlist.
		  And that’s it for us. Thanks!

---

# Vault Updates

**Notes created in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

**Notes modified in the last week:**

``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
