---
created: 2022-09-21-Wednesday 22:18
modified: 2023-03-10-Friday 23:15
---

# Pappa Story

“Pappa”. That is what we lovingly called him. Because that’s what our moms used to call him. There are 22 of us, cousins, his grandkids and numerous great grandkids as well. But for each of us there is only one and will always ever be one “Pappa”.

Growing up we would visit my grandparents in the US from India every summer. Now I wasn't the easiest of kids , a brat to put it mildly. But I have no memory of him scolding me or raising his voice. Just a mild : “Beta that’s not nice. Love what God has given you, be generous & be helpful”.God was an integral part of his life. Though I suspect the deity Himself was just a disguise to warrant a life of service toward His fellow humans. His religious convictions were strong but he never enforced them, to each their own. His values were deeply rooted but he never preached them, just walked the walk.

It was winter break, my sophomore year of college  and I spent it with my grandparents helping them move. While driving around the slushy streets of suburban Chicago, in his beloved but fairly beat up 97’ Toyota Camry; while cranking up the heat in frigid temperatures with both of us donning our thick woolen coats, probably picked up from the clearance rack at Burlington Coat Factory; while shuttling between UHaul & Ikea & BestBuy, and me mostly thinking about the samosas Nani was frying for lunch; it was during those times I can truly say that I  got to know my grandfather. He had moved to NY, with minimal savings, from Calcutta late in his 60s and worked at a pharmacy for another 20+ years.

Even though he would never say it, I knew it was because he wanted to provide for his family rather than be provided for, he wanted to assist them instead of seeking government assistance for himself. We would be shopping for 3 for 2 shirts at Costco, $50 dining sets at Ikea, 3 year old refurbished windows laptops at RadioShack, yet all he would say was “I thank God because he has showered us with so much stuff”. It was like walking with Aristotle on 5th Avenue : ”There is so much in this world that I do not desire”. In the evenings I would assemble their furniture while he would help me locate those pesky bags of screws and we would talk about politics, the internet, God, Islamic history, gas prices or the ongoing housing crisis among a random slew of topics.

Engrossed in conversation, and clumsy by nature, I accidentally dropped the hammer on his newly assembled desk creating a visibly ugly inch long dent and a crack in the wood. I braced myself to receive some very natural irritation and instructions to “be careful”. But he just brushed it aside : “how does it matter? it’s still fully functional” he said. And that was how he was with other people as well. He saw them for their underlying value and not for their visible flaws or scars.

That winter passed and many others after that. Life has its way of creeping in. My goals & ambitions materialized, time became a commodity that got prudently allocated, phone calls reduced, distance grew and the uniqueness of our bond evaporated; because after all I am just 1 of many grandchildren. But in the process of discovering my identity as this unique snowflake I lost sight of the finitude of life. Until one day my dad called letting me know that “Pappa” is no more, he died peacefully in his sleep. While I let my ambitions & insecurities get in the way of developing our bond to its full potential, he left me with the greatest inheritance there could be. An enduring set of values and a minimalist life of service that sparkles as my north star.

# [Nani Pappa video](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GiZ-a2ZRyRPZSxRIzkLPTaxeEZnzjGZ2&authuser=mrahusain%40gmail.com&usp=drive_fs)
