- [[2024-10-22-Tuesday]]
	- [What is DocETL? - docetl docs](https://ucbepic.github.io/docetl/)
		- DocETL is a tool for creating and executing LLM-powered data processing pipelines. It offers a low-code, declarative YAML interface to define complex data operations on complex data.
		- Potentially useful for processing chat transcripts from Casper for [[archive/apple/memories-fc]] generation & extraction #j595/idea 
	- [GitHub - stanfordnlp/dspy: DSPy: The framework for programming—not prompting—foundation models](https://github.com/stanfordnlp/dspy)
		- **DSPy is a framework for algorithmically optimizing LM prompts and weights**, especially when LMs are used one or more times within a pipeline. To use LMs to build a complex system _without_ DSPy, you generally have to: (1) break the problem down into steps, (2) prompt your LM well until each step works well in isolation, (3) tweak the steps to work well together, (4) generate synthetic examples to tune each step, and (5) use these examples to finetune smaller LMs to cut costs. Currently, this is hard and messy: every time you change your pipeline, your LM, or your data, all prompts (or finetuning steps) may need to change.
		- When we build neural networks, we don't write manual _for-loops_ over lists of _hand-tuned_ floats. Instead, you might use a framework like [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) to compose declarative layers (e.g., `Convolution` or `Dropout`) and then use optimizers (e.g., SGD or Adam) to learn the parameters of the network. Ditto! **DSPy** gives you the right general-purpose modules (e.g., `ChainOfThought`, `ReAct`, etc.), which replace string-based prompting tricks.
	- [GitHub - run-llama/llama\_parse: Parse files for optimal RAG](https://github.com/run-llama/llama_parse)
		- LlamaParse is a GenAI-native document parser that can parse complex document data for any downstream LLM use case (RAG, agents). It is really good at the following:
			- ✅ Broad file type support: Parsing a variety of unstructured file types (.pdf, .pptx, .docx, .xlsx, .html) with text, tables, visual elements, weird layouts, and more.
			- ✅ Table recognition: Parsing embedded tables accurately into text and semi-structured representations.
			- ✅ Multimodal parsing and chunking: Extracting visual elements (images/diagrams) into structured formats and return image chunks using the latest multimodal models.
			- ✅ Custom parsing: Input custom prompt instructions to customize the output the way you want it.