---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-25)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- Had an impromptu meeting with Manuel - again him complaining about his PR
	- Very little real work today. Kicked off 2 training runs with fp16 disabled and for 5 epochs in the morning. Though that went on forever since the instance ran out of disk
	- Started copying results and putting them in a quip.
	- Mostly worked on #crawlspace [[Crawlspace]] pitch deck
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Rushed to go to the free walking tour in Centro
	- We ubered but in retrospect should have actually taken the metro instead - would have been faster in traffic.
	- Reached late around 10.40am and gave up on the tour when luckily we found the group and the guide walking back.
	- Tour was informative and took us to some interesting places (like the huge historic bakery) that we would otherwise not go to. The area does seem risky with mugging which is sad. Tour guide was nice but a bit hard to understand her.
	- At the end of the tour got a huge lunch by the Selaron steps. Met some interesting people in the tour but I should have chatted more to make some friends - kept to ourselves mostly which is not ideal when traveling. The dutch couple gave us some good pointers for Ilha grande though which was great!
	- Ubered back to the airbnb and I went to work on the Crawlspace pitch deck at Cherin Bao for a couple of hours.
	- Came back and walked to the beach for a dip however it was all dark skies and seemed like it might rain at any point. Walked for a bit and then turned back without going into the water.
	- Cleaned up, showered and decided to go to Ipanema for a bit in the evening. Went to Belmont there for a drink or two. Got some sushi and yakisoba for dinner as I was crazing it near the airbnb.
# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
