---
aliases:
  - 2024-05-27-Monday
  - 2024-05-28-Tuesday
  - 2024-05-29-Wednesday
  - 2024-05-30-Thursday
  - 2024-05-31-Friday
  - 2024-06-01-Saturday
  - 2024-06-02-Sunday
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-05-31)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily 
	- Chatted with Jakub - continuing discussion on journey to build an MVP.
		- Spoke to the VC in London. They support companies up to their seed round but take 7% for only a 60k pounds investment. Not as lucrative as YC.
		- Mentioned spinning out an [OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/) job after dataset has been crawled. I briefed him on the Figjam board and discussion.
		- Reached out to Filip to talk about Ziliz and to Lorenzo (Italian VC guy).
	- Sarah Najmark
		- Started working on Osium in march and was able to get in to YC in the fall batch. But they were working full time on it. Can be a good resource to talk about the YC application.
		- She questioned the idea of whether this needs to be a marketplace from the get-go. This is I partially agree with but marketplace is the closest revenue model to map it to. Its more like facilitating transactions between AI companies and legacy content creators - so may be a content licensing firm?
		- Said YC wants to see a market sizing done - target market >billions of $ so ok to start niche but expand. Also try to get revenue if possible when applying to YC - makes application more compelling.
- #j595/journal 
	- Looking to get the TinyLlama pipeline working locally. Seems like Xin pretty much copied this script to finetune photographer model - [TinyLlama/sft/finetune.py at main · jzhang38/TinyLlama · GitHub](https://github.com/jzhang38/TinyLlama/blob/main/sft/finetune.py)
	- Explored a bit into the difference between using SFTTrainer and Seq2seqTrainer
# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
