---
alias: ["Friday, Jun 7, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Woke up around 10 but I still felt a bit groggy. Did not sleep as well as I would have hoped. Went to get some brunch at Good Market next to the Novotel. Good food & ambience was quite nice. Came back to the hotel and worked for several hours by the pool and then in the restaurant below.
	- Around 5pm I head out by myself to Oscar Freire - a bustling shopping district in São Paulo. Sana joined me there an hour or so later. It was interesting to see all the high end stores, restaurants and bars. Mostly everyone just spoke Portuguese.
	- We got cocktails at G&T bar which was a fun vibe and friendly staff. Then head out looking for dinner spots. It’s really hard to decide and maybe optimizing on Google reviews is not the best way to- figure out what you’d like to eat and the vibe of the place rather than finding the highest rated restaurant in the area. We ate at Margherita Pizza which seemed very popular but perhaps pizza was not what either of us was looking for that day.  After dinner we got gelato (again based on reviews) which was good but I had my eyes set on the more popping gelato spot we first crossed with seemingly bad reviews but was bustling with people inside. Walked back to the hotel, chilled in bed for a bit before passing out.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-07 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-07 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
