---
alias: ["Saturday, Jun 8, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Today was a busy day out and about exploring São Paulo. We first grabbed a quick coffee from a Japanese themed coffee shop nearby with a slice of banana bread. Walked back to the hotel to get ready after. Found a flea market that happens in Benedito Calixto every Saturday so decided to go check that out. As soon as we reached tried out the Cicero pasteis which was like stuffed and fried puris. Sana did a bit of shopping for clothes and I bought a magnet.
	- From there walked over to Beco de Batman which was a super cool alley with graffiti all over. Got virgin mojitos while chilling there. Made our way to Pinheiros after that. Found a local roadside Japanese place and got the Yakisoba there which was delicious - it was street Brazilian Japanese food. Walked a bit into Pinheiros to check out more of the neighborhood and reached up faria Lima subway station. Decided to explore the public transport so took the bus down to Itaim Bibi. A young Brazilian boy who spoke English helped us out a lot in the bus. Walked around the neighborhood which was more of the same - stores, restaurants, houses. Grabbed coffee, walked by the Google office where all the other corporate offices are as well. Took an Uber to the Afro museum in Parque Ibirapuera. Checked out the museum for half an hour before it shut and then walked through the park for a while all the way to Bar Original which was Asads recommendation.  Got gin and tonics there along with some appetizers - tried Anchovies little fish but I didn’t like it much. Also had the coxinhas. We took an Uber back to the hotel to relax for a bit there. Head out a little later to get some Peruvian dinner followed by Lebanese ice cream at Oscar Friere.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-08 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-08 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
