---
alias: ["Saturday, Jun 15, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Got up pretty late, grabbed coffee and chilled for a bit in the morning. Ate a bunch of granola to carb up for the hike that we had planned. Took an Uber over to the Trilha Lagoinha do Leste - Pântano do Sul trail head and started the hike around 11.15am. It was a super fun hike - trails not all that well paved. It felt a bit like Indiana Jones wading through the rain forest. There were Brazilians doing it in flip flops and bikinis - it’s funny how Americans overload on gear while these guys do a much harder trail like they are just walking in the park. Most of the people didn’t even have hiking boots - just sneakers let alone poles or Patagonia shirts or trousers. We took a turn a couple of kms in to the hike for the trail in the right - not originally what was planned but looked like a fun detour taking us to the same viewpoint. The hike back down from the view point to the beach was a pain in the butt though - very rocky and busy. The beach was beautiful and had a logoon too. We really wished that we had carried our swim suits to take a dip in it. After a few minutes test halt we continued on forward and got a bit lost in finding rheumatoid arthritis trail when the beach ended. A fisherman was able to point us in the right way and we continued. My goal at that point was to finish up and head back to the Airbnb soon to take a dip on the beach there. In my head I was rushing back and not enjoying the present moment as much. Towards the end the hike did feel a bit draggy but not because my body was tired but because my mind wanted to get to the beach before sunset. We ran out of water as well and were quite thirsty by the end of it. Finally ended up on Armacao beach to get a quick drink and rushed forward to Uber back. It was a fairly long walk back to the parking lot and seemed like Sana wasn’t too keen on the beach anymore so we hung out and got a pastry with sugarcane juice. Hung around for a bit before taking an Uber back. After cleaning up we had high expectations for a dinner place - some Brazilian steak barbecue - but could not settle on a place. I found a Parilla close to Anomeda where we walked over but it was super dead. So we took an Uber to gastrobeef and just ended up eating there. I got a burger while Sana got a risotto - the food was good but not the steak we had in mind originally. Picked up a softserve on the way back where I got one for free because the guy mistook the order. At this point we were feeling pretty lazy for Campeche island the next day - wondering why we even signed up to wake up early and go.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-15 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-15 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
