---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-14)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily 
	- Send Jakub an email about the [AppleBot article](https://support.apple.com/en-us/119829) and ask him if he has seen UserAgents name for the Googlebot for AI training rather than search or the OpenAI, Antropic etc bots. 
		- Wonder what the syntax is of these robotx.txt files though we could add a token-id from Crawlspace and disallow allow agents other than a few lets say for SEO. It would be tricky however if companies do not specify their user agents are for AI training or not like how Apple has done it.
			- Here is the [chat with Claude](https://claude.ai/chat/fbbaba59-98cf-47d7-9516-76f1f8a96137) understanding what robots.txt does
	- #travel/brazil 
		- Started the day again with a walk on the beach ( turned left like the first time). 
		- Spoke to mom for a while since Sana was talking to her folks.
		- I rescheduled my meeting with Jakub from today to Monday so it was good to have an open afternoon to explore a bit more.
		- Found a place to go for lunch in Centro to explore there today - Olivia Cucinia. Accidentally booked the Uber for some place else so ended up on the other side of Centro. Decided to get some Arabic food lunch at Kaffa - dialed into Luke’s Team round table over lunch and briefly engaged in that meeting. Afterwards we just took an Uber to the main Felipe Schmit market area. Got some coffee there at a French cafe - had a fun interaction with the baristas who spoke no English. It’s fun to be someplace where basic communication is a fun puzzle. Walked through the main Floripa market, checked out the cathedral and then the Mercado publico area - bought a souvenir magnet. Also got sugarcane juice where the guy was very friendly and trying to communicate with me to find out where I am from. Ended up giving me an extra glass as a friendly gesture. We got some beef skewers at another place with a couple of people also trying to chat. I wish I know basic Portuguese because it would be fun to engage more with locals - this is the stuff I really enjoy while traveling - chatting up locals. Took an Uber back thinking I might have the algs weekly meetings which got canceled. Did a bit of work at home and then head over to Andomeda to get some wine & pizza for dinner. Super nice place and chill vibe. We walked there but decided to Uber back. There was a bar across the street which was really popping - would have been fun to check it out but communication is challenging.
# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
