---
alias: ["Friday, Jun 28, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Could not sleep super well so woke up pretty early in the morning - well before my alarm. Chilled on the laptop for a bit though felt quite groggy.
	- The shuttle guy showed up right at 9am to pick us up and we were ready to go. He made a couple of other stops further down in Rio so the drive stretched for quite a bit.
	- Bought some fresh pastels & coffee at the rest stop - really good
	- Took the ferry over and walked to our posada Casablanca which was very conveniently located. There are no cars or bikes on the island so grabbing the bags far in to the village would have been a pain.
	- Priscilla the check in woman gave us great pointers on things to do during our time there.
	- We hear out right away to go to Julia and Abraozinho beach. Ate lunch at Lua e Mar on Julia - fish stew with banana - delicious
	- Walked all the way to Abraozinho - 30is mins and chilled on that beach into the evening. Ordered a couple of Capis and a tiramisu
	- Took the water taxi back to Abrao around 5.15pm. Cleaned up and chilled at the posada for some time enjoying their cake & tea
	- Walked around the village for a while and it seemed a bit dead. Explored a lot of the alleyways.
	- Around 8pm the festa was setting up right outside the church. Sat at the restaurant there and ordered a pizza while enjoying the music for a while
	- Walked to Julia bar on the beach to check out the other concert. There were some bars tucked away on the hiking trail.
	- Did not hang out there of very long since we were both tired. Around 11pm walked back to Casablanca, picked up some water and hit the bed

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-28 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-28 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
