---
alias: ["Saturday, Jun 29, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Our plan was to hike to Lopes Mendes and then take the water taxi back. Prisicilla wasn’t there but Maria scared us a bit saying the hike is tough and because of the weather there may not be water taxis.
	- I called mom to check in with her for a bit. We walked around town talking to some tour people about a return water taxi. They all were offering it so we decided to prebook. 
	- Got ready for the hike, picked up our bands and set out. Hike was not super hard at all. We crossed through some beautiful beaches along the way - definitely could stay at one of them next time around. Got an Argentinian empanada at Pouso beach which was nice - tasted a bit like naan (toasted not fried) + meat
	- Hiked another 15 mins to Lopes Mendes. This was open ocean so not a very swimmable beach. Could see the dark clouds coming in.
	- Hiked right back to Pouso beach to get a bit of time in the water. Miguel was the beach right next to Pouso which seemed more swimmable. Jumped into the water there for a while. It started raining and the sun was gone unfortunately.
	- Got out and head to the water taxi area on Pouso to see if we could get the boat back. We had bands for the 4pm but it was only like 3pm then. The taxi dude was kind of a dick about us not speaking Portuguese so not very helpful. We decided to just chill at the bar and get some coffee instead - wait it out till 4pm.
	- The boat guy saw us with bands at the bar so around 3.45pm he came picked us up right from the bar
	- Got cleaned up and enjoyed some tea & cake at the posada. Tried to figure out our diving situation since Flor who we booked with was about to cancel - quite a bummer as I was really looking forward to the dive. Sana was not too keen for diving in the cold & rain. We also did not want a repeat of Cabo Pulmo where it was cold and visibility was not great. No point forcing a dive just for the heck of it.
	- Got some capis on Julia beach. On our walk back we chatted with Lua at a random travel agency for a long time. Her English was fluent so learned a lot about island life from her. I dropped by Elite dive center to see whether they plan to take boats out. Seemed like we would be the only 2
	- Dinner at Dom Mario - good food but the salmon portion was quite huge and pricey.
	- Walked around to see if there was any popping bar to hang at but the place was dead because of the crazy rain. Walked to the other side of the village for a bit and head back to crash at the posada. 
	- Watched Elite Squads (Brazilian movie) in bed and passed out

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-29 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-29 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
