---
alias: ["Sunday, Jun 30, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Rainy rainy day - felt a bit sombre since we couldn’t do much and had to cancel the dive.
	- Tried to see if we could leave on the 10am transfer but it was already 9 and would be cutting it close.
	- Long chill breakfast - checked emails etc. Organized for a 1pm transfer out.
	- I chatted with Clara about languages for a while (she is the owners friend who lives in DC - is from the Dominican Republic but wants to retire & move to Brazil)
	- Packed up everything from the room and then chatted with Priscilla for a while - learned more about Brazil &the island. She was a big bolsanaro supporter lol
	- Boat back and then van ride to Rio - felt super long and kinda boring. The guy went to the GIG airport first and then dropped off people in Leblon. We seemed to have been deprioritized because we could not communicate super well with him perhaps.
	- Got back around 4.30pm and head out to Leblon.
	- The shopping mall there was nice & bougie with some expensive Brazilian brands. Would have been fun to buy clothes here but I overpacked coming in :( (dont do this next time - buy local)
	- Walked through Leblon and got dinner at Bar da Praia after much deliberations on what either of us were in the mood for. With long stays its better to just eat at home and go get a drink some where - cheaper and more healthier option usually.
	- Ubered back and finished the rest of the Elite Squads movie - turned in around 11.30pm

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-30 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-30 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
