---
alias: ["Sunday, Jun 9, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- I picked up a really shitty machine cappuccino at Novotel. We then head out for breakfast at a brunch spot nearby where I had the vegan toast and green smoothie. Came back, cleaned and packed up. We then walked over to the mall for a bit to check it out. Took an Uber to CGH airport. It’s an interesting airport in that it’s dab smack in the middle of the dense city. The check in counter for GOL was pretty packed so had to wait for quite a bit to drop of the bags. Went through the breeziest security check after that. Didn’t have to remove laptops, liquids, shoes etc and just walked under the scanner with no one around to check. We got some Brazilian tapioca crepes in the terminal and shitty Nescafé coffee. A lot of the staff seemed laid back and not really willing to accommodate non Portuguese speakers. Short flight to Floripa which had a much nicer and newer airport. The vibe was also super chill with a DJ playing right in the airport courtyard. Took an Uber to Nomades Adventure hostel. The Argentinian volunteer Mary gave me some weird vibes and did not give much info about the place or things to do nearby. The nano house seemed really nice and fancy from the outside. Was excited about being able to chill right outside and work/hangout. Got settled in and figured that the internet isn’t working. We head out to get dinner anyway down the road. There was some seafood places I was excited to try but the prices were pretty ridiculous at them 250 Rias per dish or so. We just ended up at the supermarket to pick some stuff up and I tried to see if we can Rappi in. Unfortunately food delivery wasn’t available to the hostel - tried dominos as well but no one delivered. Made some pasta in the cabin and finished up the fried chicken we carried in from the first night in São Paulo. Chilled in the main hostel for a while. The volunteers were doing a bonfire but it was all Portuguese so we decided to skip. Mary told me that we weren’t really welcome at the hostel area since the nano houses are technically separate - such a non warm & welcoming attitude. She warmed up a bit when we were on the hammock. In parallel warmed up to the idea of Airbnbing our place to Katharine for 17 days or so - good way to make some side cash. 

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-09 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-09 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
