---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-27)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- 1:1 with Luke - mentioned his desire to bring in MLX & AFM models. also pointed me to Sri's work with dynamic grammar generation.
		- Chatted with Sri over slack - seems to have dug pretty deep in the structured output world:
			- https://interlinked.apple.com/
			- [llama-cpp-agent/src/llama\_cpp\_agent/gbnf\_grammar\_generator/gbnf\_grammar\_from\_pydantic\_models.py at master · Maximilian-Winter/llama-cpp-agent · GitHub](https://github.com/Maximilian-Winter/llama-cpp-agent/blob/master/src/llama_cpp_agent/gbnf_grammar_generator/gbnf_grammar_from_pydantic_models.py)
	- Found that the ordering of "ambient" in the beginning or end really matters with the isRejected examples because they need to give high attention to "ambient". What the LLMs learned however was less that they need to give "ambient" high attention but more the ordering and that they need to output "high" as the first score over anything else.
		- After this error rate might be the highest in isReferenced which kind of makes sense
	- The non punctuation run that I kicked off was entirely incorrect because in the training code i was removing it from the entire input rather than just from speech - that messed up the whole formatting
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Rocinha favela tour in the morning - took the metro for the first time in Rio and it was super convenient
	- Unfortunately weather played spoiled sport and was raining pretty heavily at the start of the tour when we were taking the Moto taxi up. Also continued raining at points through the tour so got super soaked. Should have really checked the weather before booking and setting out for this tour. Turned out to be just the 2 of us on it. Super cool to explore and learn about life in Rocinha though. Very interesting place where they seem to have moderately fancy salons, bakeries etc in the alleyways on the favela. So many homes deep in the favela with no motorized access nearby at all. 
	- Got back to the airbnb and I picked up some kebabs & falafels from Stambul to eat with our left over rice.
	- Rushed to the paderia to work and do my 1-1 with Luke but turned out that place had no wifi which was super annoying. Did my meeting and went over to Casa Dos Nas to sit  work.
	- Decent place to sit, get coffee and wi-fi was working well too. Got quite a bit of work done. Huzefa called to complain about parents so chatted with him for over an hour while working on the side
	- Got home and continued working for a bit. Then did some core workouts for ~25 mins followed by cleaning up, dishes etc.
	- By the time Sana got done it was already like 8.45pm. Debated whether to eat out or finish leftovers. Went for a walk to see if we could get the painting from that artist but she probably left already. Looked at a few menus and head back to eat the leftovers.
	- Watched the debate with dinner - quite depressing spectacle.
	- Packed for Ilha Grande and got pretty late so slept past midnight

# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
