---
aliases:
  - 2024-05-20-Monday
  - 2024-05-21-Tuesday
  - 2024-05-22-Wednesday
  - 2024-05-23-Thursday
  - 2024-05-24-Friday
  - 2024-05-25-Saturday
  - 2024-05-26-Sunday
tags: 
publish: false
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-05-20)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- [[2024-05-20-Monday-W21|2024-05-20-Monday]]
	- #j595/journal 
		- Had a long [[apple-1-1]] with Luke today. I am fairly convinced he just BS'es his way through meetings and life. He described some vision of a system but could not really elaborate how one would go about building something like this. He wants to use ML techniques from the early 2010s because it seems like that is all he is familiar with. Anyway he described something that is akin to an end to end behavior system that operated on raw audio + video and may be Motif track outputs and then just outputs a lookAt node. It would create an embedding vector for each entity and somehow build a classifier on that embedding to figure out whats more relevant in the scene. At some point he was adamant of running a [[convolutional neural nets|conv net]]  on the embedding which I still dont understand why since there is nothing spatial about this embedding. Anyway maybe he thinks that enables some form of dimentionality reduction - who the fuck knows. Ended up chatting for an hour when I told him this has been a failed approach in robotics for years. Next time we speak I should pitch it as a research project that may be he can collaborate on with Jian in MLR or pursue within his team as we are dead set on applied stuff that runs on device and build proof of concepts not pie in the sky research ideas.
		- Tried to get audio working on device to prep for [[attentionkit-fc]] demo hopefully on Thursday.
		- Team values meeting followed by happy hour at BJ's. Rushed to get the 5.55pm bus back home.

- [[2024-05-20-Monday-W21|2024-05-21-Tuesday]]
	- Found good implementation for a step by step walkthrough:  [GitHub - naklecha/llama3-from-scratch: llama3 implementation one matrix multiplication at a time](https://github.com/naklecha/llama3-from-scratch)  -> [[llama]]
	- #j595/journal 
		- Struggling to get audio working on device
		- Lunch with Manuel - not sure what exactly he wants to work on. Just seems like he is blindly replicating what I already did in FC2.
		- Chatted with Hans in the kitchen - felt even more confused and doubting whether the LLM work for  [[attentionkit-fc]] is even worth it?
- [[2024-05-20-Monday-W21|2024-05-22-Wednesday]]
	- Chatted with Tanya about [[taxes]] and [[Umri LLC]]. Felt much better since all I needed to give her was expense categories.
	- #j595/journal 
		- Read announcements about Chameleon - could this be the open source GPT-4o model? 
			- **Chameleon: Mixed-Modal Early-Fusion Foundation Models**: Meta introduced Chameleon, a family of early-fusion token-based mixed-modal models capable of understanding and generating images and text in arbitrary sequences. It demonstrates SOTA performance across diverse vision-language benchmarks.
- [[2024-05-20-Monday-W21|2024-05-23-Thursday]]
	- #j595/journal 
		- Found these old top things from the j595 canvas probably from around September 2023 [[2023-09-30-Saturday|2023-09-30]]
			- Get comfortable with Model distillation and LoRA adapters
			- Help setup LLMOps eco system - prompt management etc
			- Build a code search over heavenly repos and Apple FM API
		- Got vaccines at AC wellness in wolfe
		- Mostly spent time organizing obsidian repo - disabled notes publishing to reduce clutter & increase focus. This also means the second brain search will stop working which is fine because it never got much traction anyway. Best to learn lessons, kill rather than waste time maintaining
		- Tried to setup model finetuning & long chats with Manuel. Left early around ~4.30 - drove home with Stephan because he was coming up to SF anyway :)
		- iCloud messed up my Obsidian repo when I disabled syncing of Desktop & Documents. I should have created a manual backup first rather than be cavalier when 
- [[2024-05-20-Monday-W21|2024-05-24-Friday]]
	- #j595/journal 
		- Started setting up a turi job - reached out to Xin & Blanca for their configs.
			- #j595/meditation At times I make a big deal out of simple tasks - like model finetuning which is mostly in my head. I need to work on getting better at breaking down the task into simpler steps to tackle one at a time rather than staring at my screen being distracted. Worth spending a few minutes up front with a pen & paper - its hard to do when people doubt the need for your work like Luke & Hans have been attacking for FC3. Though its also a skill to zone them out and just build something even if its throwaway - learning by doing is more fun than sitting & wondering.
	- #journal/daily 
		- Long chat with Jakub Hudak [[Crawlspace]]
		- Lunchclub - met with Constantine Filip
			- Interesting guy who is a self sustaining entrepreneur working in niche markets. Seems like he does well for himself and hates the culture of working in big tech.
			- He gave some interesting feedback when I pitched the idea of [[Crawlspace]]. 
				- Prepare for success; how do you make sure the quality of data people are posting on your marketplace is of high quality.
				- At Upwork apparently there were tons of sales people cold calling clients to get sign ups.
				- A lot of his feedback was focused on trust & safety because that was his domain.

# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
