---
alias: ["Sunday, Jun 16, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- I woke up early at 7am with an alarm. Even though I was in deep sleep it didn’t feel terrible to wake up and grab some coffee. The day looked very gloomy and I was wondering whether chilling all day on the beach even made sense. In retrospect should have at this point just canceled the ferry tickets and tried to get a refund. But I also did not know what else we’d do and am bad at cutting my losses so was looking to use up the ferry tickets. It was also part FOMO of not being able to go the Campeche island since it’s one of the top things to do in Floripa. I got ready quickly and head over to Hiper to pack some food for the trip over. We got to Armacao beach and checked in with the lady who took us to the dock. The ferry wasn’t until 9 so we waited for a few mins. Not many people headed there given the weather. I also assumed we’d be cal around 1 pm but turns out the ride back was 3pm much longer than what I hoped or wanted. It’s hard to communicate so we went with it. Not much to do in the island as only the beach is public access - we laid down our barebones picnic and read our books for a little while. I decided to call dad for Father’s Day - spoke to him for a while. Then called Alifiya and spoke to her for a while.  The water was very chilly. Sana dragged me in for sometime but I never fully went in. - just stayed there laughing at the stand up paddle boarders. We just killed time chatting with family and counted down to the ferry pick up. Felt like a bit of a waste coming there and wasting time. Ferry did arrive promptly at 3 to take us back - seemed like few people do stay back in some accommodations on the island. 
	- Got late lunch at Surf bar on the beach itself
	- Chilled at home through the evening as it was pretty dead & quite outside given the Sunday

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-16 00:00 %%
* Brazil
    - [x] order travel backpack for brazil? 
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-16 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
