---
publish: 
aliases: []
tags: 
created: 2024-06-24-Monday 14:19
modified: 2024-06-25-Tuesday 08:39
---

**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-24)**

# TOP-OF-MIND

- #j595/journal 
	- Chatted with Manuel over Slack a bit as I woke up
	- Trained a new model by removing the "medium" engagement level. Performs slightly better
		- Documented results in the [finetuning quip](https://quip-apple.com/RavmAcc8KL2R)
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Went for a walk by the lagoon and then turned around near the Leblon station to walk back from inside Ipanema. Bright sunny day and the fresh coconut hit the spot for me
	- Strolled through a bookstore and a couple of other shops in Ipanema. I bought another blue Preserve tee
	- Ubered back since Sana had a meeting at noon.
	- I went to Casa das Natas to get coffee & work. Took a couple of meetings from there. Not much in terms of work other than ran evals for some of the models I had trained to see their performance.
	- Started building out pitch deck for Crawlspace. Sana suggested Tome which seems like a good modern looking tool rather than dig for templates in Google Slides / Keynotes. Less fiddly
	- I went for a dip on the beach by myself around 4.30pm
	- Came back, continued working and then showered while Sana went to get groceries for dinner.
	- I cleaned up around the house a bit, folded clothes etc while she cooked some amazing Karahi chicken.
	- Went down to get some gelato after dinner. Checked out the flea market and found another lady artist who was selling her acrylic paintings. Much better than what we saw last night and pretty sold on getting one of them to carry back. Felt more local and authentic talking to the artist herself rather than buying some random art even though it’s cheaper. She said she can package it well for us too.
	- Gelato at Bacio de Latte and then worked on the pitch deck going late into the night.
# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
