---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-13)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- Karpathy's new tutorial out: [Let's reproduce GPT-2 (124M) - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8pRSuU81PU) 
		- [x] [[karpathy#[Let's reproduce GPT-2 (124M) - YouTube](https //www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8pRSuU81PU)]]  [completion:: 2024-12-12]
	- Light work day today
	- Discovered bug in finetuning code where the model was getting trained with output completions only and thats why it wasn't performing particularly well.
	- Generated some new training data with only the casper sentences and not even subsampled to see if we can get the model overtrained for those instances
	- Andreas reached out about the Motif summarizer I had built to see how they can use it for Photographer to enable agent interactions - [Casper Triggers: Designing Context-Aware Activation](https://quip-apple.com/8WK1Af151at4). Got him in touch with Manuel who wants to build the WorldState Manager utility to serialize perception to text.
	- Fixed a long standing pet peeve of using the full path to the hf & turi anaconda3 workspaces (/Users/ammarh/anaconda3/envs/hf). This got messed up after I install miniforge3 and that became default. Changed the bash_profile script to make anaconda3 default - as simple as that!
	- [spreadsheet-is-all-you-need: A nanoGPT pipeline packed in a spreadsheet](https://github.com/dabochen/spreadsheet-is-all-you-need) interesting visualization of a GPT inside a spreadhseet
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- I had no meeting scheduled for today so was looking forward to a chill day of exploring and work. Did our long walk to the beach again this morning though head to the Praia de Campeche (south part). It feels so great for the body and soul to walk barefoot on the sand with water splashing on your feet and a breeze on your face. Very refreshing and grounding - makes you wonder what all that anxiety and nervousness you hold is all about. It’s easy to afford ourselves this walk on the beach - doesn’t take much and that’s all life should be about; everything else is extras. #journal/meditations 
	- We got a delicious healthy lunch in Paradiso - fish with lentils & rice - felt wholesome and then took an Uber over to the Cafe Cultura in Lago da Conceicao. Found Messkla cafe nearby to chill and work for a bit - another gem of a remote work spot. Wrapped stuff a bit early and walked around to explore Lagoa a bit more. Our destination was to get to Mirante do Morro which is a viewpoint nearby. Explored the area quite a bit on foot and then discovered that it’s not really possible to walk up to the viewpoint since it’s a highway with no sidewalk. I found a bus line that went there so decided to be adventurous and wait for the bus. Took it to the top and the bus driver was super nice to let us out even though we did not hit the stop button and he already went past the stop. Took a bunch of pictures, hung out there drinking coconut water. Uber Ed back and hit a ton of traffic so took us like 40 mins. Sana prepped dinner while I did a push ups workout. Ate some stir fry while watching Eric and chilled at Galeria after - got more gelato.

# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
