---
alias: ["Sunday, Jun 23, 2024"]
tags: 
---


# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil     
	- Got breakfast at Cafe Cardin but locked ourselves out as we exited. Contacted the Airbnb host to get someone to open the door for us. I walked back from the cafe to meet the lady
	- Went for a hike to Tijuca forest - really cool park & hike right in the middle of the city. We did the Valley historical trail that covered pretty much all the park highlights
	- Had trouble getting an Uber back so we hopped in a taxi - but the taxi meter kept rising like crazy so we hopped off near a favela close to some beach along the way and ubered back from there. I was in a rush to get back but it would have been cheaper & faster to just wait for an uber at the park itself.
	- Changed an head straight to Copacabana beach to hang out. Took a nice dip and then ordered a caipirinha and chicken. The fried chicken took forever and was super expensive (~100R$s). Got some corn as well since we were pretty hungry
	- Sana & I got into an argument while chilling on the beach so completely missed the free concert we were hoping to go to that evening.
	- Got cleaned up, showered and head to Bibi Suco for dinner - I really did not feel like eating out but we didn’t have much of a choice.
	- Walked back and checked out the local flea market on the main boulevard. Found some interesting art works for the house but did not buy anything.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-06-23 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-06-23 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
