---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-11)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- Did a verification of the full finetuned model using the `finetuning-eval.ipynb` jupyter notebook. Seems like the model does pretty well in sticking to the high attention for gazin >50 criteria. Received an accuracy rate of around ~70.7% which is decent.
		- With the output only finetuned model the accuracy is around 0.509 (v2 model)
			- The first output only model that I finetuned does not even stick to basic grammar so its petty borked.
	- Created a new `synthetic-datagen.py` script outside of the jupyter notebook sandbox that the code was in before. This script also samples from a few casper sentences + shakespeare ones (50-50) split. It subs the name for one of the names in the present entities and gives only that entity high attention.
		- It would be interesting to add YOLO objects to that list too and add more sentences that we would like to demo with in there to sample data from.
		- [x] #j595/todo Finetune a new model with the `synth-sentences-casper-generic-fc3.json` dataset  [completion:: 2024-07-09]
		- [x] #j595/todo Look up sentences from Marisas Facetime doc to add to casper-sentences.txt  [completion:: 2024-07-09]
	- I have been using the following command to export the finetuned models to llama.cpp `python convert-hf-to-gguf.py /Users/ammarh/j595/EmbodiedReasoning/Attention/FinetunedModels/output/checkpoint-250-out-only-loss` from within the llama.cpp repo at tag: b2768 [[j595 cheatsheet]]

- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Woke up pretty late this morning- 9.30am. Tried to reach out to the Airbnb hosts to see if we could drop off our bags but they never bothered to respond. Ultimately we packed up and had to leave the bags at the hostel. Around noon head over the Arts cafe near the Nomades beach hostel up north. Got some lunch at a shack on the beach - food was pretty good but the vibe was even better. Chilled there for a while before heading to Arts coffee again to sit and work for sometime. Worked like 3 or so hours which was pretty productive. We then head back to the hostel to pick up our bags and then head over to the Airbnb. It looked nice and comfy. We were paying the same amount at the nano house which was insane compared to get a full apartment here. Walked to the beach a couple of blocks from the apartment to check it out. Picked up some fruits and water at the supermarket nearby before heading back around 6pm to work a few hours. Another productive work session that wrapped up by 8.30pm. Got some Indonesian food at the Galleria nearby along with a beer followed by some gelato. Sana unpacked our bags while I practiced different beard trims. Turns out the water in the shower is clogging and flooding the entire bathroom - can’t seem to catch a break from these disasters of places we seem to pick to stay at.
	
# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
