---
aliases: []
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-06-21)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal 
	- Did not do much work - just a bit later in the evening around 4pm after a swim in Copacabana. 
	- Was running into OOM errors when trying to run the compute_metrics evaluation in the SFTTrainer
		- Fixed the evaluation script that i wrote in the python notebook. Model seems a bit crappy however (trained with ~9k) examples. Kicked off another training run with 30k examples.
- #journal/daily #travel/brazil 
	- Walked along Copacabana beach towards the left (away from Ipanema) - walked all the to the end to a view point
	- Clicked a few pictures at the view point walked back along the inner streets of Copacabana - went towards the cross section of Rua Barata Ribeiro and Rua Figueiredo de Magalhães. There was a small market along the way - Sana bought a linen shirt. Had a fun convo with the lady selling it using Google Translate
	- I picked up a pink t-shirt from this shopping center along the way
	- Made a stop at Renners where Sana picked up t-shirts and tank tops
	- ⁠Also got skewers along the way since we were skipping lunch in prep for the Brazilian steak house
	- ⁠Reached home - went for a dip to the beach 
	- ⁠Got back showered - I had a few meetings with Manuel & Jakub about physical objects and then with Manuel who was bitching about Jakub and his frustrations.
	- ⁠Presented some work at Algs weekly and then worked out in parallel. Was finding it hard to get in the zone.
	- ⁠We got ready and headed for Sana’s Birthday eve dinner to Assador! 
	- ⁠Stuffed ourselves with and the sides were amazing as well!!
	- ⁠Ubered back to Copacabana - got some gelato here and it was midnight! Sana’s parents called so I briefly said hi and then turned in for the night

# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
