---
aliases: [2023-05-16]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
-     

Woke up early and I went by myself to get coffee at some coffee shop in smart inn hotel. It was a bit overpriced and meh. Sana met me over there and then we walked over to a very nice shinshido boulangerie in sanjo kawaramachi to pick up some bread and croissants. Packed it and took it back to the hostel to eat in the lounge there. Packed up to check out of the hostel. Dropped our bags in the hostel lockers and took bus over to kyoto prefecture cultural center to watch the Aoi Matsuri procession. It was very long, orderly and super silent - amazing how disciplined a country Japan is. Walked over to the Taramachi market to shop around a bit. Sana picked up some clothes and I picked up some art/ souvenirs. Had a delicious lunch of some soup curry at a little restaurant in front Joshin-ji temple. Restaurant name in Japanese translated to Earthen pot soup curry (it’s on the corner building second floor). Walked through Nishiki market considering whether we want dessert. Turned right and walked for 4ish mins to the hostel to pick up our luggage. Took train over from kawaramachi to kyoto station. It took around 30 mins but was an adventure inside kyoto station trying to find the exit closest to the hotel. Walked over 10ish mins to hotel, checked in and chilled in the room for a bit. Contemplated whether it’s worth going to the shrine to watch the Aoi matsuri festival again but online reviews seemed to indicate it’s hard to see the. Ceremony and the festival overall is very subdued so not worth the hour long trek over. After it cooled down a bit walked over to kyoto station to head over to Arashiyama bamboo grove. Picked up matcha and coffee at Nana cafe before taking the train over. Arashiyama was beautiful- looked around trying to find a tea house with tatami ATS but didn’t see any out there. It was also late to be able to go to the monkey park. Walked around for a while. Then ended up doing a long ass loop because half way through the walk back to the station we started following the wrong signs. Finally reached Shaga Arashiyama station and took the train back to Kyoto. Picked up some weird jelly water froma vending machine. Were debating what to get for dinner since Sana wanted soba but my stomach was a bit off. Got some really nice chucked and rice soup at the station. Went back to androoms and I took a bath. Spoke to family before hitting the bed. 

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
