---
aliases: [2023-05-19]
created: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:55
modified: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:55
tags: 
---

---
# Top-of-mind

Woke up, got some coffee and hopped into the bath for a bit. Then got ready and head over to Royal cafe near Sensoji temple. Got a nice breakfast there, checked out the temple before walking over to Kappabashi st for shopping. Checked out many kitchen ware stores to the point that everything seemed fuzzy and the same. Picked up a bunch of cups, bowls etc from one of the shops. Picked up two Japanese knives as well. There is a tax free system for tourists so I had to walk back to the hotel to get my passport while Sana picked up the stuff. It was already late afternoon by the time we got done, so hauled all the stuff over back to the hotel. It was a rainy day. Walked over to Tokyo Skytree afterwards for food and checking it out. Ate at a Oyakudon place in the  3F food court. It was egg, soupy rice and chicken cutlet in a bowl. Yet another delicious Japanese meal. Walked around skytree for a while shopping for green tea and gifts. I picked up a shirt at Coen. Had banana juice before heading back to the hotel to start packing everything up. Took another bath and head over to Hoppy street to chill. First place there was a biggish Izakaya with outdoor seating. Had two extremely loud Japanese guys who came sat next to us. The food wasn’t that great and the staff not as friendly either. We bounced from there looking for another place. Most were closed but got lucky with a really hole in the wall Izakaya where we were the only two non Japanese people. Food service was very slow but it was a really great place to indulge and experience the life of locals living in Tokyo. Called it a night around midnight and went back to the hotel. Fun Friday night and wrap to the trip.

---
# Tasks
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# Vault Updates
## Notes Created in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## Notes Modified in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
