---
aliases: [2023-05-18]
created: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:55
modified: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:55
tags: 
---

---
# Top-of-mind

I woke up early and head down to the lobby to get coffee. However the cafe opened only at 7 so I walked over to Higashi hoganji temple to check it out. There was a nice chanting ceremony that started in the gathering hall while I was there. I hung out inside for quite a while before heading back to the hotel. Got a coffee in the hotel lobby while Sana came down. Went back up and quickly packed up to try and catch the 10.08 Shinkansen to Tokyo. We left the hotel around 9.40 so it was more relaxed to hop on to the 10.33 train. Walked around the station trying to find a bakery that was as good as the one from the day before. Unfortunately no luck but found one that wasn’t that bad either. Sana picked up a couple of coffees and we head over to the bullet train. Our car was incredibly noisy with two girls sitting in front of us shrieking for the entire ride. It was a clear day so a couple of hours into the ride we got beautiful views of Mt Fuji. Had to get out to the car exits for unobstructed views. Once we reached Tokyo ~1pm ish, we looked around to get some lunch. Went to B1F of the JR side of Tokyo station. First half of lunch was at another conveyor sushi place but this one wasn’t as great as the one in Osaka station. Firstly the sushi wasn’t coming on the belt, everything had to be ordered and was getting delivered through the counter. The fish was quite soft and juice though so still very good. Second half of lunch we went to a chicken restaurant across the sushi place. Couldn’t really figure out the menu but seemed like they had chicken and yakitori so why not. Turns out the restaurant specialized in only Nagoya chicken, which a special type. It tasted a bit like country hen and the meat was a bit gamey and chewy. Overall an interesting experience. We then took the Chuo line to Ueno station and then switched trains to hop into Asakusa station. Walked for like 10 mins to get to Prostyle Ryokan. This hotel was pretty meh and a bit overpriced. The bath was private and in a tub. Honestly a public bath in the hotel might have been more convenient to use and less work to set up. We dumped our bags and went to get some matcha near sensoji temple. Then walked around the street outside picking up a few more souvenirs. The temple had just closed and the area around pretty crowded so we figured it’s better to walk over to Kappabashi street where we needed to shop a bunch for kitchen ware. The shops were mostly closed though so we just checked it out briefly. On the walk back we spotted a McDonalds that was serving a Geion chicken sandwich (don’t remember name) that had a rice patty instead of the bun. It was interesting but too much soy sauce on the patty. Wanted to also use this time to buy some Royce chocolates and gifts for friends but that turned out to be quite a production. Went to the Rox mall first but there wasn’t much there other than a Muji. Walked over to Asakusa station and saw a bunch of vendors selling various sweets. None of them very giftable however. Finally as we were heading out, saw a booth for Royce chocolates. Walked back to the hotel and hopped in to take a bath and relax before dinner. For dinner we browsed around a few places around Sensoji and settled in a fast food Yakiniku place which was really efficient and good

---
# Tasks
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# Vault Updates
## Notes Created in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## Notes Modified in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
