---
aliases: [2023-06-12]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- Went diving with divemaster Jessi in the morning at 7am.
- Initially buoyancy was quite off and I didn't know how to put my gear together. But I figured it out soon enough.
- Came back, put a mask on and chilled for a bit
- I dove with my phone!! It survuved the day but would not charge. 
- Spoke with Kevin from Apple recruiting on start date etc. Finished some of the Apple paperwork as well.
- Chatted with Sana for a while too.
- Walked over to Marios for some seafood pasta which was good.
- Came back and hung out at Trudy's. Met up with Cate for dinner at a tiny shack a little further out from Edo's. Pescado Entero was great.
- Chilled at Edo's for a beer and then walked back.
- Stayed up late summarizing the philosophy book until a bit past midnight
- Woke up early in the morning went out for Dive. Anxious initially, and a bit groggy because I hadn’t had coffee but when I jumped in the water was actually fun to be out there nice and refreshing. 20 minutes into the first dive I realize that I left my phone in my pocket. Between the first and the second die, if I felt a bit of motion, sickness, and thought I might throw up but then I powered through it. Went back at the dock. Way to the river to get us some shower, spoke with Sana and Kevin from Apple

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
