---
aliases: [2023-05-11]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
-     

Woken up at around ~4am by an alarm on our phones of an impending earthquake. Felt the shaking around 30 seconds after for about 30ish secs. It was cool to experience an earthquake in Japan. Apparently the magnitude around our location 3 ish while the epicenter was 5.

Day trip to Mt Fuji. Took a train to Otsuki to transfer to a train to Kawaguchigo. Took the later train at Otsuki station to eat some soba which was really good. Once we reached kawaguchiko walked over to a coffee place round the corner and continued towards the cable car. Got very lucky in that we didn’t have to wait to get in and up to the viewing deck. Nice partial views of Fuji. Had some packed up pastries with the view. Came back down and took bus to nature center. Then head over to a nice museum by a textile dying artist, with an exhibit of beautiful silk dyed kimonos. Had to wait Way too long to get bus back to kawaguchiko station. Ended up missing the Fuji express station so took a local to otsuki and then connected there for Shinjuku. Was a very tiring journey back from Fuji to Tokyo. Wonder if it would be better driving next time. Also Fuji area is nice to stay and spend a few days.

Had a Yakiniku dinner with a premium wagyu beef sampler. Followed by sake on a tatami mat in golden gai. 

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
