---
aliases: [2023-05-20]
created: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:56
modified: 2023-05-30-Tuesday 09:56
tags: 
---

---
# Top-of-mind

Woke up, picked a quick coffee from the lobby, packed up a bit more and head over to Skytree to meet Sanas colleague there for coffee. Grabbed some pancakes for breakfast at Hoshino cafe after at 3F. I picked up 2 more shirts from Coen and took train back to the hotel. Packed up the bags, left them in the lobby and head over to Sensoji. There was a procession going on with a lot of music right outside the temple. Rushed back to hotel, picked up bags and walked over to catch the Asakusa line for Narita airport. It was an adventure since the walk was quite a bit longer than expected and involved a lot more stairs. Was sweating very profusely by the end of it. Hour long train ride to Narita. Check in at Zip Air was also a bit eventful as she weighted the carry on which was over while the checked bag was under the purchased limit. We need a bigger bag with a lot more volume. Weren’t thinking clearly because we could have just checked in the roller bag and paid for it rather than go through the hassle of rearranging stuff and keeping one handbag aside for check in. At the duty free found more Royce and other gift chocolates. Head over to KAL lounge which was pretty terrible. Boarded flight back to SJC. Another memorable trip in the books.

---
# Tasks
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# Vault Updates
## Notes Created in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## Notes Modified in the Last Week
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
