---
aliases: [2023-05-08]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
-     Took off from San Jose at 12:10pm. Travelled zipair for the first time. Unfortunately the airline did not have TSA Pre so had to go through the security like commoners. But the flight was a pleasant surprise.. even though there were no free meals served, we could pre-order a cheap meal which was quite tasty. We had ordered Chicken Teriyaki and Salmon Koji. The flight also had a system where you could use your phone to order snacks and drinks to your seat, again very cheap and very convenient to use since we didn’t have carts going up and down the aisle. No in-flight entertainment either but they had a few movies available via WiFi. We landed at Narita at 3pm on [[2023-05-09-Tuesday]] and had to stand in a really long line to get a JR pass, but it was worth it as it allowed us to travel almost everywhere in Japan and saved us a lot of money. We took the Narita express to Tokyo station and by this time we were jet lagged and starving. We ate some chicken ramen at a restaurant in Ramen Street at the Tokyo station and took a cab to our hotel in Shinjuku. The cab driver took a wrong turn which took us 3 min longer to get to our hotel, but at the end of the trip paid us back 300 yen for the inconvenience. This was the first experience of the honesty of people in Japan. 

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
