---
aliases: [2023-06-17]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- Last couple of dives this morning - Sophia & another german girld were leading. Was with Frank a German guy as my dive buddy
- It was great to be underwater and chill to be out on the boat
- Came back, logged dives and chilled for a bit
- Went over to Utila chocolate factory - had some coffee there and bought some chocolate bars
- Went to this little shack near Marios that is also associated with a dive shop. Had a pescado enterro there which was great and I was super hungry. Met this italian guy and this german girl while I was eating and one after the other. I didn't have enough cash to pay the lady for the food so tried to go and withdraw some but the ATMs weren't working. Gave them 150 limpiras with a 50 limpira balance.
- Came back to Underwater vision, chilled for a while in the water - went for a swim. Got out and went with some dollars. Gave the shack 5$ and then bought some M&Ms with 50$ at Bushs where I got limpira back. Packed up my bags a bit in the evening
- Was doing a bit of reading & summarizing at Trudys. Saw Cate there - she was headed out for dinner. Was a bit awkward so I didnt join them. I was a bit anxious on what I should do this evening in terms of socializing. Ended up getting a beer with Frank (German dive guy) and an Australian couple who were fun. Was also joined by this very cocky & annoying Chilean guy with his Aussie buddy. Overall a chill night. A bit of regret not to have gone to the Thai place with Gil, Sophia & the Swiss couple but turned out to be a good night.

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
