---
aliases: [2023-05-14]
tags: 
---

---
# TOP-OF-MIND
-     

Started the day looking for coffee. Inoda coffee had a really long line of Japanese people for some reason. Ended up going to Paul- a French Japanese bakery for croissant and coffee. Showered and head out for the kawaramachi subway to go to the main station. Took the bullet train from Kyoto to Osaka. Went over to umedA sky building in Osaka. Fun tower where we took a bunch of photo shoots of each other. Then went down to the basement where they created an eat street like vibe. Got some nice udon noodles there. Time was running tight so we deliberated whether to go to Osaka castle or head over to Dotonbori district instead. Figured might as well get Osaka castle done so we head there by subway from Osaka station. found a nice pan cake cafe on the way in. Should have just stopped to eat then but we were running short on time since castle closed at 5. Castle itself was nothing too great though some of the exhibit videos on floor 7 were fun. We head back to Osaka station and then it was an adventure trying to find fluffy Japanese pancakes, was in successful. Took train back to Kyoto, dropped stuff off at the hostel and head to hanatanuki kawaramachi for some yakisoba and okonomiyaki, both delicious. Another unsuccessful attempt at getting crepes or dessert but the day overall was packed & fun. 

---
# TASKS
```dataviewjs
const date = `${dv.current().file.name}`
const query1 = `(has happens date) OR (has due date) OR (has scheduled date) OR (has done date)`
const query2 = `(done on ` + date + `) OR (due on ` + date + `) OR (scheduled on ` + date + `) OR (happens on ` + date + `)`
dv.paragraph('```tasks\n ' + query1 + '\n' + query2 + '\n```');
```
# VAULT UPDATES
## NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

## NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
