---
alias: ["Tuesday, Jul 1, 2025"]
tags: 
---
##### TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily 
	- Chat with dietian:
		- Completely cut added sugar replaced with fruits instead
		- muscle growth stagnant - belly fat is persistent
		- strength not increasing much nor is aerobic capacity
		- Eat a lot of fruits after dinner - Is that good? should we be cutting down?
		- what changes to make in general in eating patterns?
		- breakfast is usually just a 2 scoops of protein and 1 scoop of fiber; collagen scoop with coffee. everything else is natural foods
- put more robust measurements in place - do a body composition instead of DEXA with apple exercise physiologist
- need to have realistic expectations on what we can achieve
- diet overall sounds good - seems like eating enough protein : 80-100g of protein a day (probably hitting it). 
	- One egg ~10g of protein or anything else solid pure proteins are similar sized
	- 1 cup of liquid protein - milk, yogurt is also 10g (~2egg sized)
	- 1 cup of legumes, nuts, almonds, daal etc is 5g (~2egg sized)
- excess protein gets converted into fat - too much of a good thing is also bad. once protein gets converted to fat it does not get converted back to muscle. all calories get converted to glucose.
- not worries about naturally occuring sugars - not a problem to swap for fruit - if diabetic is different story

- #j595/journal 
	- 

##### TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-07-01 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-07-01 23:59 %%



##### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

##### NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
