---
alias: ["Saturday, May 31, 2025"]
tags: 
---
##### TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily 
	- Sana and I woke up early and went to the cafe for a bit. Found out that it made sense to rent a car in Juneau.
	- Docked at Juneau at 8 am
	- Sana and I got a quick breakfast at the buffet. Bhai and kids were there too. We both left early to pick up the car from the airport - Bhai and alifiya went to bordeaux to eat breakfast.
	- Took a cab to the airport - rented a car from National (I had booked with Budget but it was too slow and national was a giving a car quickly at the same price)
	- We drove back to the ship and picked everyone one.
	- We booked a whale tour at a kiosk
	- Drove over to Mendenhall glacier and did the nugget fall trail
	- On our way to the other side of the glacier everyone got hungry so we stopped at a phillipino restaurant which was closed so just picked up snacks for the time being.
	- We went to the other side of the lake and walked along the bank for a bit and got a beautiful view of the glacier.
	- We drove to Shrine of mt therese.
	- Went to the harbor for whale watching boat - picked up a quick pizza bite near there at a gas station.
	- Watched a few whales and some seals.
	- After the tour - Alifiya, kids and I took the shuttle back to downtown and Ammar and bhai went to return the car at the airport and took a lyft to the downtown as well.
	- We picked up sovenirs and walked over to the ship
	- Went to bordeaux to get dinner
	- Watched a show
	- Turned in

##### TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2025-05-31 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2025-05-31 23:59 %%



##### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

##### NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
