---
aliases: [2024-02-22]
tags: 
---
**[DayOne](dayone://open?date=2024-02-22)**

# TOP-OF-MIND
- #j595/journal  
	- Got gemma working with llama.cpp - also tried running it with current attention-llm app on device. It is pretty quick to respond 2.5s vs ~5s for dolphin-mixtral8x7b but output is pretty garbage. Also has a different format than chatML - it uses <start_of_turn>. Would be interesting to finetune regardless and see what the performance is then.
	- downgraded device to 4166l because m was shitty
	- revert attentionkit as well - to before the timeout logic (more stable now)
	- Got my obsidian vault back in a functioning git state. For some reason the remote got corrupted and the on device version was missing a bunch of the remote history.
		- had updated llama.cpp but reverted it back to the current-stable tag because the responses were getting messed up. 
	- meeting with marisa - i dont think she was super impressed 
		- the ASR was not picking up very well. 
		- LLM response was very slow to really make it impressive.
		- Had to wait a while for it to figure out who to attend to
		- Looks like the isSpeaking & isFacing signals are not working very well either.
		- [ ] Summarize a much shorter duration in motif synchronizer
		- [ ] Run LLM every 1sec instead of at the end of an utterance.
		- [ ] Focus on finetuning a smaller model that you can run on device potentially

# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
