---
alias: ["Monday, Dec 30, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- Got to Steel Visitors Center around 10.15am - suffered through incredible range anxiety as the mileage on Polestar kept dropping due to the outside temperature and elevation gain during the drive
- Got snowshoe trail info and watched a 20min park film on the history of Crater Lake - very educational to get context.
- Hit the trail around 11am and we were the first ones to do it - was a lot of fun finding our way through it. Glad we got in early and be the first ones in. It almost felt like we had the park to ourselves. Other than 2 high backcountry skiers from Bend, OR we did not run into anyone on our way up.
- Enjoyed snacks with an incredible lake view on top. Hiked back down which was a lot faster and several people were making their way up in he afternoon now.
- Went to Annie Creek in Mazama village for a quick top up on the way out. Decided to gun our way all the way to Klamath Falls which was adventurous and very risky - got to the sugarman's charger with 2 % left.
- Sana picked up some gloves and we got 2 bottles of wine from a local boutique store (woodsie kitchen) run by a friendly old lady.
- Picked up some more groceries from Holiday Market. Drove back to the cabin and finished the left over stir fry while watching squid games.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-12-30 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-12-30 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
