---
alias: ["Sunday, Oct 13, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #travel/italy #journal/daily 
	- Breakfast of a cappuccino & croissant at a cafe nearby. Walked around the colosseum to check out the area from outside in the morning. Returned to the hotel, showered and went over ~11am to Trevi fountain & Piazza Novona to check out the area during the day. Had lunch at a famous handmade past place after waiting in line for about 30 mins. Pasta was really good though I found the cacio Pepe very salty. My body felt a bit fatigued through most of the day so had some ibuprofen every few hours. 
	- Walked back looking to get some cappuccino & gelato at a nice cafe. We kept going however waiting to get to the perfect spot which never came. Ultimately my fatigue really kicked in and we were almost near the hotel so just picked up 2 cappuccino’s from the same breakfast cafe and head to the room for a short break.
	- Felt much rested after a 30 min pause and ready to checkout the Colosseum. The crowd & line seemed intimidating at first but it was pretty quick to enter with the tickets.
	- Really cool to see the colosseum and learn more about its history. That is #6 of Seven Wonders of the World for me! Did an audio tour around and took our time with it
	- When we got out ~5.30pm it was too late to go to Foro Romano & Palatine Hill. Walked over to Trastavere instead to check out a near area outside central Rome. Checked out a bunch of stores around the main piazza there for leather goods. Almost bought 2 leather jackets but decided to bail on them last minute since it seemed like an unnecessary travel purchase to me. Ended up buying a leather laptop bag for myself instead from a Bangladeshi guy who gave us some good prices for a whole bunch of stuff. 205 euros for the laptop bag + 2 ladies bags + 2 wallets + 1 belt.
	- Got a pizza at one of the highly rater pizza places that did not have a line followed by gelato at the piazza and picked up a few more souvenirs.
	- Walked back to the hotel: 35 min walk through a beautiful city full of monuments.

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-10-13 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-10-13 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
