---
alias: ["Tuesday, Oct 8, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #travel/italy #journal/daily 
	- Yoga at 8am with Amber again. Got woken up by the sound of high winds
	- First kitesurfing lessons today at 11am. I was very apprehensive but decided to try it out regardless. It was a very windy day
	- Craig, MG, Nate, Denisha & Faith were mainly keen on trying it. Max joined us to just hang out & chill at the kite shop. Rest of the group did a back bending workshop. 
	- My instructor Jake was pretty good and was fun learning with him. 
	- #journal/meditations  I was very on the fence about trying kitesurfing but also proud that I committed to it all in and had fun with it - by being confident and not showing my nervousness 
	- Back to the retreat, ate lunch that Sana had packed for me. I was on quite a high - apparently Brittany had asked Sana if we would like to renew our wedding vows in front of everyone. I warmed up to that idea and prompted ChatGPT for some vows.
	- Showered and then head over to the winery - gave a ride to Ana, Faith & Nate
	- Brittany’s car had a crash with a van (Sabella taxi) and one of the passengers in it was slightly injured because she was not wearing her seatbelt. I tried to help sort things out with the driver and spoke with Yumi over the phone. We carefully drove over to the winery.
	- Had a bunch of wine tastings and they had a lot of food there too - the honey that they had was delicious. Spoke to Natalie for a while about Japan.
	- Back at Salinara MG led a Thai massage and Acro yoga session. Rained a lot that evening so dinner was indoors

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-10-08 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-10-08 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
