---
alias: ["Thursday, Oct 10, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #travel/italy #journal/daily 
	- Yoga at 8am and then head over to kitesurf again. A bunch of people went over to the hot springs but Sana stayed in and caught up with her yoga training. Wind was very meh today and so was the lesson. Only last 1.5 hours so we were back around 2pm after chilling at the kite shop for some time having a beer.
	- Got lunch with everyone and then Sana & I ventured into Marsala to pick up some stuff from the store. Had a nice cappucino and then browsed around the supermarket - got some pistachio cream (for Denisha), body lotion and biscuits
	- Showered at the retreat center and then went in for the yoga session (with Amber?). Everyone was excited for a sunset photo session at the dock so the class ended early and people walked over all dressed up. I was not sure how much to dres for this but ended up wearing the linen shirt I bought with my green linen pants. In retrospect it was a bit over & did not go that well either.
	- Walked back to Salinara with Sonya & Divya where we were comparing the yoga retreat to a summer camp for adults.
	- Sat at the center of the table with Hannah & her mom next to us. Also carried the red wine bottle that Shaam gave us for free.
	- Birthday celebration for me with a candle over a slice of delicious Tiramisu cake - it was very sweet of Brittany to organize that and loved the energy of the group. I should have been more confident and said something to thank everyone - I just felt very embarassed - definitely something to work on for the future. #journal/meditations 

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-10-10 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-10-10 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
