---
alias: ["Tuesday, Dec 31, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #journal/daily 
	- fun and crazy adventure day today.
	- left for Diamond Lake resort in the morning around 10 AM. Quickly charge the car and Chiloquin while browsing at the community center library.
	- highway 97 up and the road got a little dicey towards the end. Had to. drive super slow
	- rented our snowmobile around one p.m. heading to crater Lake North rim entrance. It was really cold, but also beautiful.
	- think about an hour to reach the north rim of crater Lake - what a spectacular experience. Could not stay by the lake for very long given how cold it was outside.
	- snowmobiles back explored a few other routes near the resort. Me old guy from near Portland, who had a cabin by diamond Lake for 40 years. - their cabin was on US for land so they only own the structure, but not the land underneath. Lapped around the diamond lake loop, filled up the snowmobile and returned it back.
	- it started snowing on us as we started driving back. Decided to take 62 from inside crater Lake Park to head back. This was a big mistake. I did not realize that 62 is not gonna be plowed or salted. The road was really really dicey. Had to drive super slow at like 15 to 20 miles an hour for at least like 20 miles inside the park. On top of that the snowstorm picked up - was a stressful adventurous drive.
	- Took like 2.5 hours to get to the Airbnb - showered and decided to head to Klamath Falls in the snowstorm for New Year's Eve dinner. Went to martini bar and got a nice steak.
	- made our way back around 11 PM and took about an hour in the weather conditions to reach the Airbnb.
	- got back just in time to ring in the new year - what an amazing way to end 2024!
- #j595/journal 
	- 

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-12-31 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-12-31 23:59 %%



# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
