---
alias: ["Saturday, Oct 12, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #travel/italy #journal/daily 
	- Yoga at 7.30am with Brittany (last session) followed by a quick breakfast. Packed up our room and took a quick shower for a 9.30am departure. Our flight was at 12.20pm while the car rental was an hour 10 mins away and then had to take a shuttle to the airport after so everything would be super tight.
	- Nate & Divya rode with us. Got to the rental place by 10.45 but had to wait there for a while to get the airport shuttle. Thankfully reached the airport just 50 mins before departure though everything went by without any issues and we made it comfortably to the RyanAir flight to Rome.
	- In Rome we took the train from the airport to the main terminal and then a metro to Cavour to get to our hotel FH55 Grand Patatino. We missed the first train just by a whisker because Sana’s ticket was not scanning. Ended up on the 3.43 pm train 15 mins later.
	- Got to the hotel and decided to check out the Vatican as it was still open and would be much more restrictive to go there on tomorrow given it’s a Sunday. 
	- The receptionist at the hotel also said that we likely would not get tickets to the colosseum since those are sold out days in advance. I tried to get them online anyway as well as looked at organized tour groups that might take us in. It was certainly one of the main things I wanted to do in Rome so was a bit stupid of me not to have booked them several days ahead when the plan got figured out. I just assumed we would be able to get them and focused on booking the Vatican which mom had mentioned. A little bit of research ahead of time will pay off immensely #journal/meditations  .
	- We got extremely lucky to be able to snag 2 tickets online after refreshing the website several times and booked them on the taxi ride over to St Peters Basilica - what a god sent stroke of good fortune.
	- Toured around St Peters Basilica - should have looked into an audio guided tour rather than just wandering around. It was really cool to see regardless #journal/meditations  
	- Walked from the Vatican back into central Rome (with a brief pharmacy stop) crossing a bunch of monuments like the castle, piazza novona among others. Our plan was to get dinner at a pizzeria near Trevi fountain that was very highly rated. Everywhere in central Rome was extremely crowded and packed. Turns out the pizza place had an hourlong wait so we were kicking ourselves in not stopping at one of the nice restaurants around the piazzas instead of walking all the way to Trevi and struggling to find places to go. Tried to go to Trevi pizzeria but even that was reservations only. Sana started feeling quite sick around then due to acid reflux so we got a pizza slice while trying to restrategize. At this point our cell phones were also pretty low on charge after having clicked tons of pictures.
	- Ended up at Il Chianti for dinner (Tuscan cuisine) which was pretty good and the wait ended up not being very long for a table inside.
	- Were super tired and I felt under the weather at this point so walked back to the hotel to catch some rest. Passed the hell out

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-10-12 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-10-12 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
