---
alias: ["Friday, Oct 11, 2024"]
tags: 
---
# TOP-OF-MIND
- #travel/italy #journal/daily 
	- 8am yoga as usual and then decided to go to Erice to explore for the day. Announced it at breakfast but I did not say it confidently, clearly or forcefully. It was a very meek way of pitching that as an option to the group. Really do need to bolster my overall confidence when speaking to large groups. I also felt a little tired & done with the retreat at this point. One week was the perfect amount of time and I was definitely read to move on to Rome before heading back home.
	- Drove to Erice - Samina came along while Craig dropped out after saying yes. Cable car was shut so drove all the way up. It is a really cool medieval town to explore - gives real Game of Thrones vibes.
	- Got some heavy Italian lunch followed by an affogato. Started our way back around 3.30pm to be back in time for the 4.45pm yoga session. Rest of the group went to a beach that was over an hour away. 
	- MG led the evening session which was a very easy & light one given the energy levels of the group. Some people went to catch the sunset but Sana & I stayed back tried to figure out a hotel in Rome. Chatted with Shaam for a while about his family & how often he goes back to Sri Lanka.
	- Dinner with the group - sat by Lisa, Max & Nate while chatting with Natalie about different wineries.
	- Everyone hung out outside Craigs villa drinking wine while MG & Natalie were singing & playing the guitar. Craig bought a box of wine to host this party in addition to the several bottles he’d been buying from Salinara through the week - he also paid 260 euros for a cab to the airport which is crazy. Very interesting guy indeed!
	- We bounced around 11.30pm to catch some sleep though I could hear everyone till 2am

# TASKS COMPLETED TODAY
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2024-10-11 00:00 %%
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2024-10-11 23:59 %%


# NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.ctime As Created
WHERE file.ctime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week) 
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) 
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```

# NOTES MODIFIED IN THE LAST WEEK
``` dataview
TABLE file.folder AS Folder, file.mtime AS Modified, file.ctime AS Created
WHERE file.mtime >= date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.mtime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10))
AND file.ctime < date(substring(this.file.name,0,10)) - dur(1 week)
AND file.folder != "Daily"
SORT file.mtime ASCENDING
```
---
